chaos,3w,2n,visit flat

       x x x
        \|/
       x-1-x
        /|\
       x u x
         |
         E

1: oldbog and newbog exits


The lovely Andrea is doing her stretches    1786
Andrea has blond hair, currently tinted orange, and a lightly freckled
elfin face.  She is very attractive and her innocent manner and
willingness to talk to anybody means she is often the object of many a
male's sad longings.  She has a habit of doing warm-up exercises and
stretches in the hall-way.  She is quite limber.  This creates mini
traffic-jams as the boys in the flat gather in their doorways to watch
her bend over a lot in her revealing and tight exercise gear.

Ian is demonstrating a magic trick    1432
Ian is a prestidigitator.  He is tall thin and dextrous and can
perform all manner of magic tricks and sleight of hand.  He also has a
big nose.  He is currently demonstrating a trick where he makes a coin
jump straight up from one hand to the other.  You have no idea how he
does this.

James is here doing Doug's homework    786
James is quite tall and thin, he has short brown hair and has a
vaguely southern look to him.  He is working on Doug's homework
because he lacks the mad Micro Machine Skillz he needs to compete with
the rest of the Team Supreme on level terms.

Richard is wandering about, brushing his teeth   3053
Richard is wandering around the flat in his boxers and a shirt,
brushing his teeth.  He is trying to get ready to go out with his
girlfriend, Cat.  This typically takes him 2 or 3 hours.  Richard is
too fond of animals.

Cat is watching telly and drinking wine    1227
Cat is Richard's girlfriend.  She is 5'9" and has long dark hair.  She
is quite pretty but has a strangely pointy face, which can give her an
almost predatorial look.  She is waiting for Richard to get ready so
they can go out.  She is drinking red wine.

Jennie is sitting watching tv     1197
Jennie is about 5'4" with quite long mousey blond hair.  She is
wearing quite thick glasses and has a grey cardigan on.  She has a
cute, friendly face and smiles at you as you walk in.  She is eating
dinner and drinking cider before she goes out to get plastered with
friends from work.

Doug watches while he waits for his turn    2663
Doug is watching the game of Micro Machines, waiting on one of the
drivers to lose so he can take over.  Doug is shorter than the other
people playing. In fact, he looks shorter than he really is.  Doug has
a long torso and comically short legs.  He also has a square jaw,
round glasses and designer stubble and women throw themselves at him,
much to the annoyance of the others.

Nick is convinced it is all a lie    1366
Nick is about 6'2" and has blond-ish hair and glasses.  He is slightly
more fashionably dressed than the people who actually live here.  He
is driving the red car and whenever it explodes it's a blatant lie
brought about by people who treat animals poorly.  Nick refuses to tie
his shoelaces because shoes that stay on your feet are not
fashionable.

Richard concentrates intently on the screen    2750
Richard is about 6'2" and has dark wavy hair.  His face is a rigid
mask of concentration as he stares fixedly at his yellow car as it
screams around the track.  His expression only changes to mutter abuse
at his fellow racers.  Rumour has it that Richard likes animals... a
lot.

Andrew is locked in Micro Machines combat    2038
Andrew is quite tall, about 6'4" but you can't easily tell that
because he is hunched over the keyboard of his PC.  His face is intent
on the screen as he guides his little blue car around the track.  He
is wearing blue jeans and a t-shirt and looks like he needs a haircut.

The dreaded Turd-Grinder    6596
This evil crap-covered monstrosity has been lurking behind the new
bog, waiting to attack.  It's just your bad luck you happened to be
here when it picked its moment.




A half-crown coin
This half-crown coin is no longer legal tender.  It's quite large and
heavy for a coin, and is a dull silvery colour.  Ian uses this coin
for his famous Gravity Defying Coin Trick.

A red foam frisbee
This frisbee is made of red foam and is designed for safe indoor use.
The only damage caused by using it inside has been due to
over-enthusiastic catch-attempts.  You can throw this frisbee to
somebody by typing "chuck <player>"

An Immense Every-Ingredient Super Sarnie
This is the Holy Grail of sandwiches.  Every single ingredient that
could be found in the kitchen has made its way into this mighty meal
wrapped in two slices of bread.

A bottle of cheap red wine
This is a bottle of cheap red wine from the Off-Licence just round the
corner.  You can drink it.

A 175 gram bright red Frisbee
This shiny red disc of destruction has been used outside so often that
the edge has become sharp and deadly due to repeated impacts with the
pavement.  The frisbee is capable of delivering a weltering blow to
the unwary and can even hurt when caught properly.

Nick's Supah Stylish Skate Shoes
These are no ordinary shoes.  These shoes elevate the wearer into
something more than mortal, more than the average scruffily dressed
student.  These shoes justify their outrageous price tag by providing
the wearer with a sense of belonging to an elite fraternity.  They
look cool too.  These shoes have fat white shoelaces.

Richards scabby brown coat
This is Richard's scabby brown coat.  It's as old as the hills, and
yet he refuses to part with it.  This coat has survived snowboarding
excursions and countless frisbee impacts.

A Glock 9mm BB gun
This blunt nosed Glock 17 9mm replica BB gun is frighteningly detailed
in its reproduction of the real weapon.  As this gun belongs to
Richard, the clip is full of little white pellets, half of which
probably once belonged to other people.  The gun is capable of
shattering light switches, destroying pizza tables and puncturing
skin.

A pint of water
A pint glass full of water.  Almost certainly nicked from a nearby
pub. It has "Guiness" written on one side in gold lettering.

Chaotic Sinew
A long strand of sinew, formed from the very essence of chaos.  It was
once housed within the body of the chaos Lord Cthuhlu, no doubt holding
together his very essence.  You wonder if it could be used for
bonding together more than just osteomorphic anatomical structures...
One must truly ponder how it got to where you found it...


