sci,enter,u,3e,d,e,path,14e,11n,4e


         x-x-x-4-x-5
         | | |   |
         x-x-x   x
             |   |
             1   6
             |
             x
             |
   E-x-x-x-x-2
       |   | |
       3   x u

1: door - needs brass key
2: control tower - need electronic keycard
3: search desks - A small brass key
4: Plane - has up then south rooms also
   A cracked gyro-compass
5: Plane
6: Plane
   An electronic keycard

A lean member of the Talons     7969

A member of the Talons, a tough street gang which has just
recently moved up to hijacking and contract wet work.  From
this guy's appearance, you get the distinct impression that
they're probably really good at it.

A lanky Talon gang member   7968
A member of the Talons, a tough street gang which has just
recently moved up to hijacking and contract wet work.  As you
look this guy over, you decide that you would probably hire
them for your killing too.

A Talon gang chick    12258
A member of the Talons, a tough street gang which has just
recently moved up to hijacking and contract wet work.  As you
glance at her hardware, you decide that she just might be tougher
than she looks.

The leader of the Talons    24342
This is the man who leads the Talons.  He's huge!  Well over
six feet tall and not an ounce of fat that you can see on him.
You prolly don't want to mess with him, but if you're going to,
best be ready for a pounding.

A Mistsama security drone    26863
A squat drone equipped with two manipulative arms armed with
stunners.  The drone's armoured body is covered with a series
of sensor ports.  It's a sure thing he knows you're here, and
an even better bet that he's gonna try and stop you.


A black beret
A black felt beret with a patch picturing the talons of some
bird of prey.

A black synth-leather jacket
A black jacket of the newest syntetic leather on the market.
It has a picture of some bird of prey's talons on the back.

A Colt Gangland Special
This small handgun was first made for the police as a
backup weapon in the supression of gang violence.  It has
since become a favorite of the gangs themselves.

An ammo clip
An ammunition clip, standard issue.
A digital counter on the side displays the number "25"

Crowbar
A long steel rod with a hooked end.  It looks like it'd hurt quite
a bit to get hit with it.

A small brass key
A small brass key.  It probably opens something.

A small wooden crate
This is a small wooden crate.  The top has been pried off and
the contents removed.  It looks like it might be useful in storing
things, if you feel like carrying it around.

A large wooden crate
This is a sturdy wooden crate.  The top has been pried off and
nothing but packing foam seems to remain in it.  It looks like
it might be useful in storing things, if you feel like carrying
it around.

Stun Rod
This long thin rod is often used by law enforcement groups to handle
riots or simply to subdue prisoners for questioning.  It seems to consist
of a set of electrodes and a power source, and you're sure it delivers
on heck of a sting.

A pair of leather welding gloves
A pair of thick leather welding gloves.  They appear to be
quite sturdy and barely used.  They have a few black marks
where sparks may have landed, but otherwise seem to be in
shape.

A Warpig 9000 SMG
A small gun by most standards, the Warpig 9000 can spray a
six round burst faster than most standard military issue
weapons.  This version is quite popular in the ganglands.

A military style flak jacket
This jacket is lined with kevlar and filled with a tempered
plastic, all in an attempt to stop bullets and flying
schrapnel.

An electronic keycard
A small plastic card encoded for use with an electronic
lock.

A cracked gyro-compass
The backup compass in most aircraft, this gyro-compass is completely
destroyed.  The casing is cracked and dented to prevent proper motion
of the internal mechanism

An Ares Macrotech Static Suit
A full body suit made of some shiny silver material.  It
seems to cover your entire body, zipping up the front with
a plastic zipper.  It appears to be paper thin, and probably
not all that durable.


