the mobs talk, nfc about what.  good luck


magic,12n,leave,6n,3w


     x-x-x-x
     |\|    \
     x-x-x x x
     |/|    \|
   E-x-x-x   x


The ghost of a young girl - Rowena Dennis      4857
The lower half of this little girl looks almost normal, if you don't
count the translucency and ghostly shimmer. Her upper half, though, is
covered with seaweed and grime, dark hair a tangled, muddy mess.
Ghostly wisps of mist encircle her, leaving her form and outline
blurry. The scent of basements and pancakes  clot around her, heavy
and seductive and disorienting.

The ghost of a young girl - Winnifred Gee    3849
The lower half of this little girl looks almost normal, if you don't
count the translucency and ghostly shimmer. Her upper half, though, is
covered with seaweed and grime, dark hair a tangled, muddy mess. She
is wearing a simple school uniform, brown dress and black leather
shoes over a once-white shift. The shift is stained with dirt and
blood. Butterflies swarm around the ghostly figure of the girl as she
moves about.

The ghost of a young girl - Theodosia Thomasson     4092
This girl's curly red hair covers her shoulders in unmanageable
cascades. It sets off her freckled skin and almost hides the rotten
flesh which creeps up her neck and over one eye. As ghosts go, though,
she's pretty sturdy-looking. Her clothing is obscured by thousands
upon thousands of tiny insects, crawling up and down the fabric but
never touching her skin. They tumble from her in droves when she
moves, but there always seem to be more. The scent of basements and
pancakes  clot around her, heavy and seductive and disorienting.

The ghost of a young girl - Permelia Cooke    1676
This girl's curly red hair covers her shoulders in unmanageable
cascades. It sets off her freckled skin and almost hides the rotten
flesh which creeps up her neck and over one eye. As ghosts go, though,
she's pretty sturdy-looking. Her clothing is obscured by thousands
upon thousands of tiny insects, crawling up and down the fabric but
never touching her skin. They tumble from her in droves when she
moves, but there always seem to be more. A tangled babble of
children's voices whispers in the air around her, incomprehensible and
sad.

A skeleton of a young boy    16806
This is the skeleton of a young boy, all but the bare remnants of
flesh stripped from him. Tatters of an ancient school uniform hang
from the age-stained and chipped bones. His pants, shoes, and shirt,
barely recognizable as cloth, are dyed a blotchy brown from time and
dirt. He clutches a pennywhistle in his bony fingers, holding it to
his lipless face in a mockery of musical aptitude. Even in his
breathless state, though, a ceaseless dirge issues from the whistle.


A grandfather clock.
An antique grandfather clock stands near the edge of the clearing,
facing out into the woods. The case, seven feet tall at the very
least, is dull with time and has lost most of its color; if there ever
was glass to protect the face and workings, it is long gone. Now, the
hands hang motionless, the pendulum seems to be stuck to the side of
the case, and the weight chains dangle empty.

A wooden bench.
A wooden bench sits at the edge of the glade. It appears to be almost
brand new; its wood is still a rich cherry color, with no scratches or
dents of any kind. It also looks fairly sturdy. Wildflowers have grown
up around its legs.

A translucent merry-go-round.
This merry-go-round, an unglamorous and rickety contraption of wood
and metal, sits in a slight depression in the grass. The wooden base
looks half-rotten through the peeling paint, and the metal arms are
patchy with rust. It spins in eerie silence.

a tin whistle (enchanted)
A tin whistle, tarnished with years of neglect. At nearly two feet long, it is
much longer than the usual penny-whistles. It looks fairly sturdy, despite the
thinness of the metal. The dents along its length suggest that it has seen some
abuse in the past. The mouthpiece is jammed with dirt and grime.
*clean whistle*

