chaos,3w,2s,2e,s,2w,theatre,w

      Watch-x-1

1: Chaos Cinemaplex [Mos]

     x
     |
   x-x d
     |  
     x-u-x
     |  \
 x-x-2   x
     |
     x-x
     |
   x-x
     |
     x x
     |/
     E


2: enter


Scaler 140

Frank Vitchard     1322082
Frank is missing his right arm. He lost it in a street fight recently.
He leads a rival news team that's hopelessly behind in the ratings and
he seems to bear a bit of a grudge.

Champ Kind   1324997
Champ does sports here at Channel 4 News. He wears a big cowboy hat
and a goofy smile. He's all about having fun. Get a couple cocktails
in him and he might start a fire in your kitchen. Maybe go to SeaWorld
and take his pants off. He looks like the type of guy that would take
your mother out for a nice seafood dinner and never call her again.

Ron Burgundy    3458898
I don't know how to say this, but Ron Burgundy is kind of a big deal.
He's like a god walking amongst mere mortals. He has a voice that
could make a wolverine purr and suits so fine they make Sinatra look
like a hobo. His hair is perfectly coiffed and his mustache is
magnificent. He's a five-time Emmy award winner and the lead anchor
around here so don't you forget it. Ron Burgundy is the balls.

Brian Fantana     1345136
People call him the Bry man. He's the stylish one of the group. He has
a nickname for his penis. It's called the Octagon. He also nicknamed
his testes. The one on the left is James Westfall and the one on the
right is Doctor Kenneth Noisewater. Brian is a ladies' man but don't
let that fool you. He keeps his head on a swivel and that's what you
gotta do when you find yourself in a vicious cock fight.

Ed Harken   1325823
Ed runs Channel 4 News, the number one news program in San Diego.
However, he spends most of his time trying to keep his pothead son out
of trouble at school. Despite the dress shirt and tie, he looks a
little frazzled.

Veronica Corningstone    1557152
Veronica is the co-anchor at Channel 4 News. She has beautiful eyes
and her hair smells like cinnamon. She also has an absolutely
breathtaking heiney. And breasts. Exquisite breasts. They're so
perfect, she is sometimes known as Tits McGee. One look at her and all
you can think about is becoming her gentleman lover and taking her to
Pleasure Town.

Garth Holladay    1290744
Garth is Ed's assistant here at Channel 4 News. He's a loser and
nearly as dim-witted as Brick, but he tries hard. He looks up to Ron
with a kind of hero-worship that would warm your heart if it wasn't so
sad.

Brick Tamland    1346131
Brick isn't very bright, but that doesn't really hamper his work. He's
the weatherman at Channel 4 News. He has an I.Q. of 48. People like
him because he's polite and rarely late. He likes to eat ice cream and
really enjoys a nice pair of slacks.

Wes Mantooth    1308496
Wes is the lead anchor for the rival Evening News on Channel 9.
They're number two in the ratings and he hates Ron for it. He carries
himself like a bit of a swinger in his bright red suit, but his mother
Dorothy is a saint. He looks familiar, like he may have crashed your
wedding or something.




Sex Panther by Odeon
They've done studies. 60% of the time, this cologne works
every time. It's illegal in nine countries. It's made of bits
of real panther so you know it's good. It's quite pungent. In
fact, it smells like a used diaper filled with Indian food. Or
maybe a turd covered in burnt hair. Then again, it also smells
a bit like Bigfoot's dick. If you spray this on someone,
prepare for total mayhem.

A totally badass trident (seriously badass)
At first glance, you might mistake this weapon for a bad movie
prop, but it's actually razor sharp. News around the office is
that it was forged for Neptune himself. Be careful, it was once
used to kill a guy.
.