Chaos,3e,2s,2e,2n,flick switch
Monster class range since inception: 34 to 62,846,988

Basement:      Floor 1:          Floor 2:

               x-x-x   x-x-x     1-x-2   x-x-x
               | | |   | | |     | | |   | | |
   x   x       x-x-x   x-x-x     x-3-x   x-4-x
   |   |       | | |   | | |     | | |   | | |
   x-S-x       x-x-x-S-x-x-x     x-x-x-S-x-x-x
                     |
                     E


S: Stairs/Elevator
E: Entrance/Exit

18 androids total.
have to kill upstairs ones in order the first time
elevator is a pain in the ass.


Apple fanboy
The intentions of this boy are quite obvious. He has an apple T-shirt,
Apple cap, and an Apple cape. He carries an iPhone in one hand and an
iPad in the other. His cap, cape and T-shirt are all white with a
black apple symbol printed on it. He is chanting Apple propaganda as
he stands at the entrance of the Android Showroom.

Gingerbread
The biggest gingerbread man you have ever seen is on display. He
towers over you and gazes down on you with his beady blackcurrant eye.
The lines on its wrists and ankles are yellow in color with sparks of
electricity rippling through them. It has cyan buttons running down
the center of its chest that appear to be loosely attached to the
torso.

Froyo
Strangely enough you are looking at a tub of frozen yogurt. It has a
set of mechanical arms and legs to help it maneuver around. It has an
Android emblem imprinted on the front of the cup that is green in
color. Two dead-like eyes that blend into the cup appear to be staring
at you as you enter the room. He is holding a large metal spoon that
is clearly very sharp judging by the light reflecting from the edges.

Cupcake
This particular android is shaped like a cupcake. It has a large
fluffy top coated in green icing and the base is covered with a cyan
wrapper. It has two glowing red eyes protruding from the cyan wrapper
and two mechanical arms and legs to contain some form of human
resemblance.

Donut
The android is quite large due to the circumference of the donut. It
has two mechanical arms and legs to allow it to interact with its
surroundings. The donut itself is coated with a aqua glaze that is
incredibly shiny. It has two fierce red eyes embedded into the donut
that appear to be tracking you around the room.

KitKat
This android is incredibly tall and skinny representing that of a
single stick of kitkat. The very tip of its head is all broken up and
you can see jagged wafer biscuit protruding from the chocolate
exterior. It has two mechanical arms and legs and it is holding on to
two batons that are also shaped like kitkats.

Honeycomb
This is quite an odd looking android. It is quite simply a large
rectangular block of honeycomb with mechanical arms and legs attached
to the appropriate places. It is bright yellow and seems to glow and
crackle around the edges. Its eyes are sunken into the honeycomb and
are a slightly different shade of yellow.

Ice Cream Sandwich
Initially as you walk into the room you see this android as a large
square chocolate biscuit with two glowing red eyes, two legs and two
arms. As you circle the display item you see it has a creamy white ice
cream filling. The air temperature in this particular showcase is
freezing in an attempt to keep this android intact.

Lollipop
This strange android is shaped like a large lollipop and is green in
color. It has two arms but somehow no legs. It appears to be able to
jump around and balance perfectly on a singular spring located at the
base of a large plastic pole. It has a grimacing face and gazes upon
you with vicious intent.

Android 1.1
The creators of this android attempted to shape it with human
resemblance but if it wasn't for the two arms, two legs, a head and a
torso it may be considered something else all together. It appears to
be made of cheap parts that may have been collected from the scrap
yard. It appears the developers have done their best to improve on the
previous android but only managed to sharpen it up by painting it
black.

Android 1.0
The creators of this android attempted to shape it with human
resemblance but if it wasn't for the two arms, two legs, a head and a
torso it may be considered something else all together. It appears to
be made of cheap parts that may have been collected from the scrap
yard.

Alpha
This particular android is quite plain in color and quite literally
represents a massive capital 'A' with two arms and two legs. There is
something strange about this creation as it appears to disappear and
reappear quite frequently. It is apparent this android was never
finished or was abandoned early in the piece for another project.

Beta
This particular android is quite plain in color and quite literally
represents a massive capital 'B' with two arms and two legs. There is
something strange about this creation as it appears to disappear and
reappear quite frequently. It is apparent this android was never
finished or was abandoned early in the piece for another project.

Marshmallow
This is quite literally an extremely large marshmallow that is split
down the middle with each half representing your typical marshmallow
colors, white and pink. It has a pink colored eye on the white side a
a white eye on the other. The mouth is also alternatively color coded
with white teeth and pink lips on one side while inverted on the
other. How strange. It has two arms and two legs used to maneuver
around the room.

Nougat
This android is a large, yellow block of what appears to be nougat. It
has the odd chunk of pistachio but protruding from it's exterior. It
stands on its platform in the center of the room lobbing a large whole
pistachio nut from one hand to the other with an evil grin on its
face. Its legs are made of solid hunks of nougat without any
identifiable feet, how this android walks is a mystery. The pistachio
nut appears to be electrified somehow and sparks flicker from its
surface as it flies form hand to hand.

Oreo
This psychotic creation glares down at you from its podium. The
chocolaty biscuit is far beyond the size of a traditional oreo. Its
biscuity layers have seen better days as the ground is coated in
biscuit crumbs. White creamy goo drips from its centre and glows with
a strange pulse of energy where it resides underneath the android
abomination. Be well prepared if you are crazy enough to attempt
confrontation with this creature.

Development
This is a slick looking android. It has been crafted to resemble a
human with two legs, arms and a head. Its armour shimmers and it has a
faint glow surrounding it. Through the glow and the shimmering armour
you can see its black metal plating with bright red eyes glaring at
you. The glow and the shimmer are intermittently cutting out giving a
sense of unpredictability with this android.

Jellybean
This android is quite a tough looking invention. It is shaped like a
bean and is incredibly large. It has two large cannons for arms and
two legs to hold it upright. It has two bulging eyes sticking out of
the top of the bean and an incredibly cheeky smile.

Eclair
An extremely tall android stands perfectly still in front of you. It
is tall because it is shaped like a vertically standing chocolate
eclair. The right hand side of it is covered in a chocolate glaze and
there is a split down the middle exposing what appears to be whipped
cream. The cream is dripping onto the floor and has an aqua colored
glow radiating from it.



Apple iPhone
An Apple iPhone. A smart phone designed and developed by Apple Inc.
The model of this phone is indeterminable as the design has not
changed much over the years. It has a hard cover protecting it with
graphics of pink unicorns coating the externally facing side.

Apple Cap
A white cap with a large black apple symbol in the center of it. It
has an adjustable strap on the back to assist with fitting on many
different head sizes.

Apple Cape.
Apple T-shirt.
