chaos,3e,2s,2e,n,3e,n,pick antietam


         x-x
         | |
       x-x-x-x x
       | | | | |
       x-1-2-x x
         | |   |
     E-S-x-3-x-x
         | |   |
       x-x-x   x
           |   |
           x-x-x


S: shop
1: Dunker Church
2: Mumma Farm
3: Observation tower

Antietam Battlefield Docent - unkillable
Sitting behind the counter near the east door is an elderly gentleman
dressed in a U.S. National Park Service uniform.  His hawkish eyes
scan the throngs of tourists, making sure that no park rules are being
broken.  You do not want to fight him.

A tourist    7908
The man is rather skinny.  He is obviously a Civil War buff, for he is
constantly pointing out things to those around him.

Confederate Light Artillery    15049
Eight reenactors form this Confederate artillery unit.  While three
men handle ammunition, four are responsible for loading the cannon.
The gunner, dressed in a red-trimmed coat, aims the 60-inch barrel.
This unit is manning a Model 1841 smoothbore cannon, used exclusively
by the Confederates at Antietam.

Confederate Cavalry   14479
Upon closer inspection you realize that the soldier is just a Civil
War reenactor.  He is dressed in a grey double breasted frock coat
with yellow trim, indicating a junior cavalry officer.  He sits upon
an older brown gelding.

Confederate Infantry   8187
Upon closer inspection you realize that the soldier is just a Civil
War reenactor.  He is wearing a grey wool uniform typical of
Confederate infantry.  A leather belt cinches his loose wool trousers.
Worn leather boots compliment the attire.

Union Infantry    8603
Standing before you is not a real Civil War soldier but just a
reenactor.  He is wearing a dark blue wool frockcoat with light blue
trim and shiny brass buttons.  A wool kepi shades his face from the
sun.

General Robert E. Lee   27813
This reenactor has a strikingly similar appearance to Robert Edward
Lee, commander of the Army of Northern Virginia.  He too is 5-foot
11-inches with thinning hair and a full silver beard.  A black bow-tie
complements his simple grey uniform.  His face has accumulated
weariness after years of fights.

Union Light Artillery   17634
Eight reenactors, dressed in Union blue uniforms, are manning an
artillery piece, the Model 1857 "Napolean".  This particular cannon is
made of bronze and features a 66-inch barrel, capable of firing twelve
pound projectiles nearly a mile.

Union Cavalry    15154
This reenactor is playing the part of a Union cavalry major.  The
officer's double breasted dark blue coat has a golden oak leaf on each
shoulder board.  The young black mare upon which he rides snorts upon
your approach.

General George B. McClellan   29883
The man before you is a reenactor playing the part of George Brinton
McClellan, general of the Army of the Potomac.  Little Mac, as he was
often called, sports dark combed hair and a well-trimmed mustache.
President Lincoln relieved McClellan of his command after he failed to
pursue the Confederate army following the Battle of Antietam.



Map of Antietam Battlefield
This color map is published by the U.S. National Park Service; when
folded the glossy pages easily fit within a shirt pocket.  The map
highlights places of interest within the park, beginning with the
Dunker Church directly north of the Visitor Center and culminating at
Antietam National Cemetery to the south.

Antietam Battlefield Trail Map
Many trails criss-cross Antietam Battlefield.  This map, published by
the U.S. National Park Service, highlights the Cornfield Trail located
along the northern edge of the park.  The trail covers the major
battle scenes during the morning of September 17, 1862, when the
Union's First and Twelfth Corps fought against a Confederate regiment
under the command of Stonewall Jackson.

Civil War Bootees
These are replica boots that were standard issue for cavalrymen during
the U.S. Civil War.  The bootees reach over the ankles and are made of
dark leather.  Leather straps are attached to each heel, from which
brass spurs hang.  Bootees had not much use other than to keep their
wearer's feet warm.

Model 1840 Heavy Cavalry Saber
This is a faithful reproduction of the Model 1840 saber.  A 36 inch
curved steel blade is anchored to a brass hilt of French origin.  A
leather handle and white saber knot complete the design.  Sabers were
not designed to actually cut enemies, for they are not sharp.  Instead
they were used to club foes to death.

Enfield .577-caliber Rifle and Bayonet
This is a reproduction of a common infantry weapon used by the
Confederate Army during the American Civil War.  For safety reasons
its barrel is plugged so as to prevent firing actual bullets.
However, the rifle is tipped with a razor-sharp steel bayonet that is
still adequate for modern combatants.

Springfield Model 1861 Rifle and Bayonet
The Springfield was by far the most popular weapon during the American
Civil War.  Named after its place of production, the Model 1861
combined lethal long range accuracy with a steel bayonet appropriate
for close quarters.  For safety reasons this rifle's barrel is plugged
so as to prevent firing actual bullets.  However its bayonet is still
suitable for today.

Tobergo K-1000(TM) Camera
The K-1000(TM) is Tobergo Corporation's entry-level film camera.  The
shiny black plastic case encloses shoddy workmanship.  The camera's lens
is marginally better than a clear soda bottle.  The K-1000(TM) is a
viable alternative if one needs a paperweight.

Confederate Frock Coat
This frock coat is made of exceptional wool befitting of a general or
other high-level officer.  The coat is dyed blue and is trimmed with
golden threads.  Two rows of brass buttons adorn the front; brass
stars are sewn along both arms.

Union Hardee Hat
The "Hardee" hat was part of the regulation dress for Union soldiers
during the U.S. Civil War.  Named after cavalryman William J. Hardee,
the felt design made the hat too hot and cumbersome for practical use.
This particular one has a gold cord attached to its left side.

Special Order 191
Inside an envelope is a piece of paper.  The envelope is uninteresting
but the paper is not.  Type-written on this sheet are what appears to
be military orders; you should probably read it.
read 191
Special Orders, No. 191
Hdqrs. Army of Northern Virginia
September 9, 1862

1. The citizens of Fredericktown being unwilling while overrun by members of
this army, to open their stores, in order to give them confidence, and to secure
to officers and men....

2. Major Taylor will proceed to Leesburg, Virginia, and arrange for
transportation of the sick and those unable to walk to Winchester, securing the
transportation of the country for this purpose....

3. The army will resume its march tomorrow, taking the Hagerstown road. General
Jackson's command will form the advance....

9. The commands of Generals Jackson, McLaws, and Walker, after accomplishing the
objects for which they have been detached, will join the main body of the army
at Boonsborough or Hagerstown.

10. Each regiment on the march will habitually carry its axes in the regimental
ordnance-wagons, for use of the men at their encampments, to procure wood &c.

By command of General R. E. Lee
R. H. Chilton, Assistant Adjutant General

.