chaos,3e,2s,2e,n,3e,n,2w,3n,e

   Top level  Mid level  Bottom Level

     E-x-2     x-x-x       1-x-x
     |X|X|     |X|X|       |X|X|
     x-x-x     x-x-x       x-x-x


E : exa equipment, get gear, breathe through scuba
1: enter hole, get spit out at 2 with no SCUBA gear



French Angelfish    8121
This French Angelfish is huge, stretching nearly three feet from top
to bottom.  His scales are mostly dark glistening grey, though streaks
of bright yellow highlight his fins, making him a beautiful fish
indeed.

A Bottlenose Dolphin    8120
One of the most beautiful and intelligent creatures of the sea, the
bottlenose dolphin roams the shores of the coast searching for fish and
adventure, playing with anything she encounters.

A Sea Snake   8415

A Green Moray Eel   9074
The green moray before you looks like a six foot long fat snake.  His
mouthful of razor-sharp teeth tends to tell most people to back away.
You remember that the moray is near-sighted, and strange things may
happen if you were to 'wiggle fingers'.

A Mean-Looking Tiger Shark    7507
The Tiger Shark is one of the most vicious predators of the ocean.  He
is about sixteen feet long from the tip of his nose to the end of his
massive tail, and has several rows of razor sharp teeth that can rend
flesh more easily than a meat cleaver, although when they are finished
with it, it looks more like hamburger than steak.

Queen Triggerfish   8894
The Queen Triggerfish is a very colourful denizen of the Caribbean.  She
has two triangular shaped fins near her tail, one dorsal and the other
ventral, resembling a trigger. This is where she gets her name.

A Great White Shark     19183
The 'terror of the deep', a Great White Shark, is truly one of the few
misunderstood creatures of the ocean.  Although they usually attack and
kill only for food, this shark seems perturbed about something, and it
looks as though you will pay the price!

A Bull Shark   8631
Uh-oh.  You have stumbled upon one of the most voracious omnivores in
the ocean.  Everything from license plates to rocks to small dogs have
been found in the stomaches of these monstrous beasts.

A Magnificent Manta Ray   8314
The giant, bat-like manta ray is truly one of the most magnificent
creatures that makes its home in the ocean.  With a wing-span of sixteen
feet and greater, she is also one of the larger denizens of the sea.  As
she moves along in the water, you get a feeling of true perfection and
ultimate grace.  The beauty of this one here alone could out-do the
photographs in almost any beauty magazine.



SCUBA Gear
SCUBA gear was designed by Jacques-Yves Cousteau in the 1940's.  It
consists of an air tank, regulator, buoyancy vest, and weightbelt.  When
used properly, people can visit the depths of the sea without too much
worry about breathing.  Perhaps you could 'breathe through' it.

Random ring of Lightning Protection
.