chaos,e,climb pipe,u

   x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x
   | | | | | | | |
   x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x
   | | | | | | | |
   x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x
   | | | | | | | |
   x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x
   | | | | | | | |
   x-x-x-d-x-x-x-x
   | | | | | | | |
   x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x
   | | | | | | | |
   x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x
   | | | | | | | |
   x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x






An archer    400
This brave warrior is the support for the knights in their fight
against the forces of darkness. The elf has deadly accuracy with his
eagle eyes and can swiftly rain death upon advancing forces with his
oak longbow.

A goblin    374
This hideous warrior is the grunt troop of the forces of darkness. The
goblin is dressed in ragtag, filthy, blood-stained leathers and
brandishes a spiked club menacingly. A vacant, unintelligent, yet
brutally primal expression fills his yellow eyes. There is no
reasoning with this creature, a battle once joined will be a fight to
the death!

A unicorn     3472
This equine is colored pure white with a beautiful golden mane and
horn. His beauty mixed with his powerful body and sharp horn make him
a dazzling opponent. Surely the forces of darkness fear this mighty
steed.

A banshee     1129
This ethereal creature has the appearance of a haggard old crone. Her
long white hair and the tortured look in her eyes are but a glimpse
into the horror that is her existence. It is rumored that the banshees
are souls of women that have been enslaved by the evil sorceress. They
have been granted power over sound and their piercing, tormented
shrieks can cause physical pain!

A knight   732
This brave warrior is the front line of defense against the forces of
darkness that oppose the masters of the light. The knight holds his
sharp sword with the ease of someone who has practiced swordsmanship
since childhood. His armor gleams with a perfect polish and his large
shield is held at ready to ward off any sudden attacks.

A manticore   1545
This menancing creature is an unholy combination of the mighty lion
and the poisonous scorpion with the black wings of a giant bat. His
huge paws and claws scratch at the ground beneath him and the point of
his chitin covered tail drips a thick venomous fluid.

An evil looking cyborg    1691
This creature was magically created by the sorceress to confuse its
enemies by undertaking various forms that mimic its prey. The shape
shifter is a master spy and an assassin, skilled in the arts of
deception and combat.

A basilisk    2074
This ancient creature resembles a lizard in appearance. Its scaley
tail moves side to side menancingly, but the true danger of the
basilisk lies in its slitted reptilian eyes. The gaze of the basilisk
can cause paralysis and even instant death making it a formidable foe.

A troll    1939
This humanoid stares at you with an utter lack of intelligence which
is more than made up for by brute force! The troll stands at least
seven foot tall and hefts a large boulder, menancingly ready to crush
his opponents in a simple, direct fashion.

An evil sorceress    2119
The sorceress glares at you cruelly. Her skin is fair and beautiful,
her hair long and jet black in color. If she didn't exude such an
intense aura of evil she would be quite striking. The sorceress is the
leader of the forces of darkness, overseeing the battle while casting
beneficial spells on those who serve her and harmful ones on the fools
that do not!

A dragon    1879
The dragon is by far the mightiest servant of the evil sorceress. Hard
scales cover his muscular, lizard-like form, protecting it from harm.
His teeth and claws glint dangerously in the constant flickering flame
which appears from the creature's nose and mouth as he breathes.

A stone golem    338
The golem is a creature crafted of magic whose humanoid form is made
up completely of living stone. With near impenetrable armor, it
attacks by summoning large boulders from the surrounding area to hurl
at its foes.

A djinni    1444
The djinni is a spirit creature capable of great magical feats, but
whose specialty is in controlling and persuading the mind. This
creature was summoned by the powerful wizard to combat the powers of
the shapeshifter. Instead of outright deceit, the djinni uses his
powers of persuasion to make the enemy tell him what they know
willingly.

A valkyrie    1444
This amazonian female is taller than most men and just as strong! She
wields a deadly spear and has the furious speed and dexterity of a
cat! The spear is useful for battle at both close and far ranges.

A phoenix    2379
The immortal phoenix is a very powerful addition to the forces of
light. Existing in a state of constant flame, this avian creature
consumes her foes with intense heat. If she is ever struck down, the
creature will rise again from her own ashes... eventually.

A benevolent wizard    2120
The wizard looks at you in kindness. His long beard and snowy white
hair gives him a grandfatherly appearance, but a look deeper into his
eyes shows they are beset with worry and sadness from the great war
that is going on. The wizard is the leader of the forces of light,
overseeing the battle while casting beneficial spells on those who
serve the light and harmful spells on those who serve the dark!



a longbow
This is a standard issue longbow, the backbone of the archer regiments
arsenal. Standing almost eight foot high and requiring nearly seventy
pounds of draw, this bow is a menacing weapon to face ahead of you.
This particular bow has been blessed with the ability to fire magical
arrows, thus ensuring the archer never need carry a quiver.

a unicorn's horn
This is a horn of a fabled unicorn, broken free from the corpse of the
once noble beast. It is of little use to all but the most powerful of
sorcerers.

a heavy bronze buckler
This bronze shield looks worse for wear with dents and scratches on
its surface. It also could use a good polishing.

a shiny sword
Shiny sword.
You see nothing special.

a big frickin' boulder
This is a gigantic boulder which is shaped almost perfectly for
lifting up and bashing someone with, assuming you could lift it of
course. Some blood stains on various parts of the stone's exterior
indicate someone has already used it for such a purpose. However, the
rock does appear to be quite brittle as pieces of it rest on the
ground where it landed.

a short spear
It's a finely crafted spear made of a durable, exotic wood, roughly
seven foot long with a very sharp mithril tip. It could be quite a
devestating weapon when used properly.


