








    -1-B-x-A
           |
           P



A: search grass - A scythe
B: pedal, sharpen scythe
P: path (exit/entrance)
   - (with sharpened scythe) harvest summer wheat X3



Find Nyess in the Wayhaven Bazaar, say hel, involved, beauty, brother,
 imprisoned, crett, persisted, arrested, cityguard, jaamis, cell, bars.

Now head 9n from Wayhaven north gate, and go path. It's a hidden exit.

Go north, search grass. You may find a scythe. If you can't find it here, it 
may well be in another room. If not, scythes from areas such as rampage 
as long as they are a 'polearm' will also work, I'm told. 2w, pedal, sharpen 
scythe, 2e, s, harvest summer wheat (you can do it three times, and you'll 
probably want to).

The most annoying aspect of this quest is room resets. Which will undo 
various things you've done, and you may not notice, because it doesnt 
affect everything. Most notably, it may make the milling stone /undress 
itself/. You'll see underprocessed wheat if it has undressed through a reset.

In the same room as the scythe, search bushes, collect blueberries.

w, search desk, (swipe ledger), swipe tongs, pickup ember. get 
coal, w, untie rope, open trapdoor, hook myself lower 
myself  push wall, e, talk to the npc for a backstory. It's 
actually not relevant to the quest. Theres some bottles of wine in here, 
also not relevant to the quest. Perhaps it might be, I'll explain later.


w, double-check sacks/pallets/inventory. Pallets should say it was out of 
whack, and you'll find a recipe to make bread. I'm told you don't need the 
recipe, but there's where you find it.

w, u, open door, u, lower chain, d, hookup set 1, u, raise chain, unhook 
set 1, dress set 2, hookup set 2, lower chain, d, unhook set 1.

This will put a fully dressed flouring millstone on the miller.

Find master Aruwin, and talk to him for a while. To get his key you can 
either kill him, or whisper deal, and bribe him with 200 coins. For questing 
diversity, it is possible that he will want a bottle of wine for the key. Thus `
the hidden wine cellar with the back story about Aruwin being an Alcoholic.

Get his key, head into the kitchen, unlock door, e, L/S bookshelves, 
peruse titles. Read the milling book you recieve. All the details matter in 
this quest. West, search cabinets (yeast), search pantry (jar), get milk 
(also in pantry, but you have to get it), search dishes (bowl). w, search 
nesting area (egg), open/search footlocker for a note relating to the 
inventorying of sacks that we already did earlier. Also look at the cot, 
and 'take and empty the pillow'. This gets you a fine canvas sack.

By now you should have some coal, a ledger, a recipe, an egg, a bowl, 
some bread dough, honey pot, jar of milk, blueberries, a key, book on 
milling principles, tongs with ember in it.

You'll need a chisel now. There's at least two locations for it, and with 
different syntax. You can use my strategy, look at chisel in every room, or 
you can actually give a toss and try to find it properly. One set is in the 
storage room upstairs - nab chisel, one set is near the fireplace, forget the 
syntax. You'll see it in a pile of tools.

Now go to the storage room (one of the chisel locations) and search cases 
for a scroll, break seal.

Down a bit, to the prepared milling room. swivel chute (over the mill), 
swing gate open, open door, e, pull lever, w, all up.

look/search mechanism, 'disengage brake', climb ladder (hidden exit). 

Look at the weathervane for the direction of the wind. turn crank clockwise 
or counter-clockwise to match - unlike real weather, if wind is 
blowing /from/ the south east (meaning its blowing northwest) you don't 
face the sail northwest. Face it also south east. Its bad wording, not poor 
coding.

Wait for at least a firm gust. A strong gust is best. Then read the scroll 
(once), you don't need to read it twice. Put the sail in Full Sail (raise sail 
many times) and keep checking the weathervane and crank shaft to see 
how fast you're going and if you're in the right direction.

When it has been adequate for a while (I don't know if spinning quickly is 
too fast) adequate and /still accellerating/ just to be safe, go to the grain 
hopper, load wheat, head west and wait a few rounds whilst still checking 
that crank. After it emotes once, saying it has processed some of the 
grain, it is in fact finished. Go down, look in the cone to see if you have 
perfect wheat, and pull cord.

Perfectly milled wheat will appear in your sack. Or underprocessed if you're 
using the wrong stone or the stone undressed itself over a room reset. I 
had no success processing wheat twice. I doubt it would work well, as thats 
why you can get multiple wheat when harvesting.

Right, the horribly annoying milling process is over. 

u,open door,e,e,start fire,mix ingredients (wait for it to tell you to insert 
stuff), insert chisel, bake bread (wait), go to Wayhaven, find the woman, 
and 'give bread to nyess'. If you attempt to 'give bread to woman', you'll 
screw up the quest and have to do the wind all over again. Haahhha. Cry.