Bennebroek Manor [Tulip]
Dirs: Chaos, 3e, s, w, ne, 2n, pull weeds
Main Floor:


          2
         / \
        x-U-x
        | | |
        1 x x
          |
          E


E: Entrance/Exit (pull weeds)
1: Silver Spoon
2: Unlock gazebo, open gazebo
   k gardener, dig bulb, plant bulb in pot

Gazebo:

    1

1: Search plants, thief attacks you
   get pot

Upstairs:

     x-D-x
     |   |
     2   1

1: search desk, open drawer, search drawer
2: open chest, search chest

Monsters:
6846 : Denys the Gardener
Denys is a slightly stooped, elderly gentleman going slightly bald and
wearing overalls. His shiny head is a bit burnt by the sun, and his
hands are sun-browned and wrinkled. He tends to the garden with the
familiarity of one who has spent a long time here and knows every root
and cranny.

6846 : Timothy the Butler
Timothy has a long-suffering look on his face.  His shirt collar is
stiffly starched, and his black coat-tails are perfectly pressed, as
if his pert buttocks had never known the impression of a chair.  Tall,
thin, and middle-aged, he looks like he has been around a long, long
time.

6846 : Lina the housemaid
Lina is a young woman with her auburn hair neatly tucked up under a
white cap. The plain gray dress she is wearing has long sleeves that
highlight her thin arms, giving her a charming waif-like appearance.
Her engaging smile gives her countenance a purity that makes you want
to protect her from harm.

13916 : The lord of the manor, Adriaan Pauw
Adriaan Pauw looks like an older, fatter, shorter, version of the
portrait in the main hall. He has tufts of white hair around a dimly
shining bald spot, and a pair of reading glasses perched on his ruddy
red nose. He wears a long-sleeved, brocaded brown velvet jacket with
puffed sleeves, with wide white cuffs visible underneath. The tassels
hanging from his wide starched collar and his fine gloves identify him
as a patron of some means.  Years of fine living are evident in his
waistline. Seeing you enter, a scowl crosses his face.

8435 : A dirty thief
This guy looks like a dirty old man. That is, he's dirty, and old. His
hair hangs about his face in greasy strands, and he has a straggly
gray beard that hangs from his cheeks and chin like a dead squirrel.
He has a desperate look about him, like a man who has nothing left to
lose.

6846 : Petrus the Head Cook
Petrus wears a perpetual scowl underneath his white chef's hat. He has
a large vegetable-stained apron and sports a large white curling
mustache. He has an ample waistline from years of taste-testing.
Although he is rather short in stature, he makes up for it with his
blustering and bullying of the kitchen servants.

Items:

A silver spoon.
A silver spoon. You may use it to eat the corpses of your foes. It was
made in the Forbidden City where Cancer resides.

A pair of white gloves.
These soft white cotton gloves look perfect for picking up lint.

A guest key.
A heavy iron key. It looks like you can use it to lock your bedroom
door for some peace and quiet.

An antique brass key.
A shiny brass turnkey with one of those antique handles. It fits
easily in the palm of your hand.

A pair of surie slippers.
These are soft slippers knitted with loving care by someone who
thought to keep your feet warm. They even have pom-poms knitted on
top.

A flower pot.
It is a plain terracotta pot, reddish-orange in color. Nothing is
growing in it, although it is filled to the top with rich, dark soil.

'Tulipomania: A historical novel' (closed).
A soft, blue suede book with stiff parchment pages.

'Valley of the Tulips, Vol. 1' (closed).
A soft, brown suede book with stiff parchment pages.

'Valley of the Tulips, Vol. 2' (closed).
A soft, brown suede book with stiff parchment pages.

Tulipa Semper Augustus - Tulip Marble
This round bulb is the prize possession of Adriaan Pauw. It looks like
it may be a Semper Augustus, a truly spectacular tulip.


