chaos,3e,2s,w

           x
          / \
       5 x 3 x
      /|/ \| |
     x x 4-x x-x
            /
           x-2
          /
         1
         |
         x-E

1: buy ticket
2: Big Top Shop
3: pack powder,lift net,ignite cannon, enter cannon
4: walk rope
5: ride motorcycle

A Happy Clown    14410

A Midget Clown    13897
A midget clown.  He has wild orange hair, a big red nose, big red
shoes, and a wide ruffled collar.  He is only four feet tall but
his presence demands attention.  He has on a little blue jumpsuit,
with white polka dots.  He is busy making balloon animals for little
kids.

A Hobo Clown   14097
A hobo clown.  He has a black wig, a little red nose, holey
brown shoes, and a large ice cream in his hand.  He is wearing
ragged blue jeans, with patches on them, an orange shirt and a
squashed green hat.  He is running around with a large ice cream scoop.

A Dancing Poodle   13767
A cute, <color>, fluffy poodle.  He is wearing a miniature ruffled red collar around
his neck.  He is completely shaved, save his paws, head, and tail.
He is running around in circles and balancing a ball on his nose.

A Prancing Horse   18822
A beautiful white Arabian horse.  His mane and tail flow gracefully as
he trots around the ring.  A beautiful sequined saddle sits on top of
him.  You get a glimpse of his shod hooves as he kicks up some dirt.

The Horse trainer   13052
A tall and slender man in his 20's dressed in tight blue pants, and
a long blue coat.  He's been working with horses all his life
as it's been his life-long dream to work in the circus.

A Juggler   8878
A very talented juggler.  He is wearing tight striped pants, blue elf
shoes, a brightly colored shirt and a jester hat on his head.  He is busy
juggling five balls and a chainsaw high into the air.

A Ring Master   44595
The very showy and loud ring master.  He is dressed in a red tuxedo
jacket with tails, a red cummerbund, white frilly shirt, and shiny
black shoes.  A microphone is in hand.  His voice booms out over the
noise of the crowd.  He is announcing the various acts being performed.

The Human Cannonball    19336
A giant of a man at six feet tall and 280 pounds. He has made a
living being shot out of cannons since he was 15 years old. It's
made him a very nasty person, and his hearing is 'shot' after so
many stunts.

A Tightrope Walker   16930
A tightrope walker glides gracefully across the cable.  She has a balancing
pole in her hands.  Small thin socks cover her feet.  She is dressed in
pink tights and tutu.  She is doing small jumps and turns on the high
wire.

An Elephant Leader  26085
A large African elephant.  He is a thick-skinned almost hairless mammal.
He has short ivory tusks and smaller ears than its Asian counterpart.  This
elephant is the leader of the pack and leads the others around the ring.  A
little hat sits on top of his head.

An Elephant Follower   8705
A small African elephant.  He is a thick-skinned almost hairless mammal.
He has short ivory tusks and smaller ears than its Asian counterpart.  This
elephant is a follower and follows the others around the ring.  A
little hat sits on top of his head.

The Motorcycle Daredevil   11936
A tall man wearing a blue and green jumpsuit side. A pair of goggles
covers his eyes, and he dons a red, yellow, and blue helmet.
His face is heavily scarred, making you think: 'Just how successful is
this daredevil?'

An albino tiger    95635
A beautiful albino tiger.  The normal orange part of a tiger is
replaced with gorgeous white fur.  Big blue eyes stare at you as
if you were his next meal.  Large fangs and retractable claws make
this creature a most formidable opponent.





A red nose
A clown's red nose.

Cotton candy
Pink cotton candy on a cardboard stick.  It's sugary, sticky, and
sweet and you love it.  You can hardly wait to eat it.

Circus peanuts
A bag of orange, squishy circus peanuts.  The best part of this candy
is smushing it between your fingers.  However, you've also found them
to be very tasty.

An inflatable rabbit on a stick
A purple inflatable rabbit on a stick.  Its got long ears and it
is holding a carrot in its hand.  The thin stick is connected to a
small tab in the rabbit's head. A small plug seals the rabbit up
and keep the air from leaking out, you wonder what would happen
if you 'pulled' the seal out.
pull plug
Thppppppppttttttttttt!!! - The rabbit quickly starts deflating!
The rabbit streaks off towards <random player>!

A cup of lemonade
A refreshing cup of freshly squeezed lemonade.  Just what you wanted to
drink.

A puffy poodle tail
A puffy poodle tail.  It came off of a dancing poodle.  While it may
look delicate, it can offer very good protection if worn.

A sequined horse saddle
A beautiful purple sequined horse saddle.  Perhaps you could wear
it.

A Chainsaw
The jugglers chainsaw.  While it's not very easy to juggle, it makes
a deadly weapon.

A sack on a stick
A hobo clown's sack on a stick.

A ring master's top hat
This is the ring master's top hat. It's covered with smooth black silk.
It would look lovely on your head.

A balancing pole
A long balancing pole used by a tightrope walker to keep their balance.

An elephant tusk
A short, ivory elephant tusk.  It comes from the African elephant.

An elephant trunk
A short, grey elephant trunk.  It came from an African elephant.

Stuntman's Helmet
A sturdy motorcycle helmet, you could do anything with this.  It makes you
wish you had something to use it for.  Have you ever thought about
becoming a daredevil?

Tiger Whip (enchanted)
A long deadly whip used to train tigers with.  It is fast and
frightening.  An inch thick leather strap makes up the whip part,
while a hand carved piece of maple wood makes up the handle.  You
can't imagine the pain it can bring.

A diamond-studded tiger collar (enchanted)

