science, enter,u,4n,d,8n,2e,path

    1 x-d     x-u     u-3
    | |         |
    x-x         x
    | |         |
    x-x       x-x-x
    |           |
    P           x
                |
              x-x-x
                |
                x
                |
              x-x-x
                |
                x
                |
              x-x-x
                |
                x
                |
              x-x-x
                |
                x-2

1: Altar - lift altar (don't know what's supposed to happen, i got ported to login)
2: down, push button
3: search barrels


A Worshipper   6189
You are looking at a pale, slightly mutated male of about
25 years.  His flesh nearly hangs on his bones.  Still, you
sense a fire behind his eyes, and a feeling of desperation.

Keith, the Altar Keeper    10034
Keith is a slightly mutated man in his thirties who has been given the
job of maintaining and guarding the altar while the priest is away.
His large bulk and small brain make him well suited for this duty.

An Anti-Technologist Guard   20800
This guard is a 4th Generation mutant, and like others of his
generation here at the compound, he has acquired the ability to
project lethal radiation from his body.  This ability, obviously,
makes him a useful guard.

An Anti-Technologist Mother   14703
This middle-aged woman looks tired and pale, like her husband.  She
also has the strange white glow around her that seems to provide her
with strength and power.

An Anti-Technologist Child    6004
This child of about fifteen is a member of the 4th Generation of these
peoples.  These children have acquired the ability to project
radiation into their environment, which makes them formidable
opponents once they learn to control this power.  They are also less
pale and wan than their parents, due to not having been exposed to as
much radiation yet.

An Anti-Technologist Father    15760
This is a moderately mutated Anti-Technologist man in his early
forties.  He has a pale complexion and always seems to look tired.
The strange glow around him, however, seems to imbue him with strength
and vigor.

Anti-Technologist Elite Guard  23592
Some members of the 4th Generation of Anti-Technologists have acquired
psionic abilities.  These young prodigies are drafted at a very young
age and trained to be members of the Elite Guard.  You are looking at
a heavily mutated member of this Guard, and he doesn't appear to be
too happy with you.

Police Chief Bailey    35378
Police Chief Bailey is responsible for enforcing the laws handed down
from Robert, the compound's spiritual leader. He is the biggest man
you have ever seen, standing a full 9 feet tall.  A nearly blinding
white glow emanates from him, and you know that this man commands
respect.  He glares at you and barks commands.

Robert, High Priest of the Bomb Worshippers   181
This is Robert, the spiritual leader and highest authority to the
Anti-Technologists.  He is in a trance right now, allowing his body to
soak up the healing RADs.  Any sudden movement might awaken him, and
the power welled up inside this man is a sight to behold.  If you wake
him up, he will kill you. REPEATING: HE _WILL_ KILL YOU!!

Radiation God   49599
All you can make out about this entity is a swirling mass of greenish
mist.  Contorted faces and mangled bodies seem to form out of the mist
and melt back into it in a sickening peristalsis.  The most disturbing
quality, however, is the silence.  Not the slightest murmur rises from
the entity.




A Chunk of Depleted Uranium
This is a small nugget of depleted uranium.  Depleted is
a relative term, of course.  The Bomb Worshippers don't
seem to mind it, but then again, they dig radiation.
This stuff sells well on the market, as it is used
as ballast in munitions.

A Deputy's Badge
This is the badge belonging to one of the complex's
deputies.  The thing is made out of a strange alloy that
seems to glow faintly.  Whatever it is, it burns your skin.
You might want to sell it rather than wear it.

An Antique Colt 45 Pistol
What a find!  This is, er was, Police Chief Bailey's favorite
antique, a pre-war handgun of small caliber.  You recognize
it as a Colt 45, a powerful handgun in it's time.  You
see no bullets in its chamber, nor would you even DREAM
of firing such a beautiful, old weapon...


.