chaos,3w,s,u,slide spoon

boat, say crunch, and wait

S.S. Guppy

              Nest    
               |
Aft Deck - Main Deck - Fore Deck - Plank
               |
             Cargo

@foredeck - steer (takes you to Crunch Island)
@plank - jump (you jump off onto island)


          x
          |
      A-B x   x
         \|  /
          x-S
         /|  \
    x   x x   x
    |  /  |
    x-x   x


A: Alien Cap'n Crunch - has Crunchberry Marble
B: Hot-air Balloon - enter basket exits area



1 ) Soggie War!          |  Kill Crunchberry Beast                   : 0/1
                         |  Kill Alien Cap'n Crunch                  : 0/1
                         |  Kill Sidney Soggy                        : 0/1
                         |  Kill Sylvester Soggy                     : 0/1
                         |  Kill Squish the Sogmaster                : 0/1
                         |  Kill Jean La Foote, the Bare Foot Pirate : 0/1

Congratulations!  You have completed the mission 'Soggie War!'.

You have been awarded 30000 xp for your efforts.

You have been awarded 2500 coins for your efforts.


Tugboat Granny  -  unkillable
This friendly woman seems eager to speak to you. With bright blue eyes
and a crinkled smile, she looks ancient, but still strong enough to
row a passenger out to the waiting ship if she was asked politely.

Harry S. Hippo   21488
Harry S. Hippo is a sea-going hippo in a mate's uniform. He has a big
smiling face, pudgy cheeks and a cute white sailor hat.

Seadog   8043
Seadog serves as first mate on Cap'n Crunch's ship, the S.S. Guppy.
He's a salty dog if there ever was one. Brown furred, whiskered and
wearing a white sailor cap, he spends most of his time spying out the
horizon from his spot atop the mast.

Smedley the Elephant   16990
Smedley can do anything (like roller-skate or ride a bicycle) to get
his cereal, but he also usually squashes those things. You see,
Smedley isn't any talented elephant, he's a fat talented elephant.
Right now, he's wearing a red blanket over his bulk and doesn't look
very happy about intruders in the cargo hold where he protects the
Cap'n's cereal shipment.

Cap'n Horatio Crunch   19994
Cap'n Horatio Crunch is a fun-loving sea captain. He wears a blue
captain's uniform, and a large blue captain's hat. The hat has a big
yellow 'C' on the front and his uniform has impressive yellow shoulder
patches and stripes, reminding you of his status as Captain of this
vessel.

Chockle the Blob   19363
Chockle the Blob is a shape-shifting blob of chocolate chip cookie
dough. He smells delicious, but looks like he is not happy to see you
on this island. He stares at you with his googly eyes and grins
widely, showing off his chocolate-stained teeth. He looks a bit
insane.

Wilma the White Whale   9477
This giant whale has the prettiest blue eyes you've ever seen...on a
whale that is.  She smiles sweetly at you and you'd swear that she was
actually wearing red lipstick.

Turtle   8605
This smiling green turtle swims slowly around in circles, hoping his
patience might pay off with some delicious Deep Sea Crunch cereal.

Shark   9704
This grinning pink shark circles you constantly, hoping to discern if
you might have some Deep Sea Crunch cereal for him to eat.

Crunchberry Beast   26303
This strange looking creature is bright yellow with red spots and has
a giant mop of red hair on the top of his head.  He has a long snout
for sniffing out crunchberries and, from his crunchberry juice-soaked
muzzle, you think you've found part of the reason for the barren
fields.

Jean La Foote, the Bare Foot Pirate     25161
This evil looking man wears a black pirate hat with a skull and
crossbones on the front. He looks like he hasn't shaved in days and he
smells strongly of cinnamon. A large gold hoop earring hangs from his
right ear and a black belt holds up his ripped breeches beneath his
tattered red shirt. He has a large bag slung over his shoulder and, as
his nickname suggests, his feet are bare... and also filthy.

Sidney Soggy    16263
This plump, big-nosed creature seems to be made of soggy cereal and
sour milk. He smells horrible and doesn't look much better.

Sylvester Soggy   17434 
This plump, big-nosed creature seems to be made of soggy cereal and
sour milk. He smells horrible and doesn't look much better.

Squish the Sogmaster    29504

Alien Cap'n Crunch   18014    
A green, one-eyed, Cap'n Crunch Alien stands before you. He added
Orange Space Dust to his fruit-flavored corn and oat cereal which
turned milk green on his home world.  His cereal also took the shapes
of moons, stars, and planets.  It was so successful in his world that
he decided to come here to launch an earth cereal invasion.   You're
not sure of his chances of success, but you are even more unsure of
whether you care to take on this alien freak.



Punch Crunch
This is a bowl of Harry's favorite cereal.  Maybe you could eat it?

Vanilly Crunch
This is a bowl of Seadog's favorite cereal.  Maybe you could eat it?

Peanut Butter Crunch
This is a bowl of Smedley's favorite cereal, peanut butter flavored
Cap'n Crunch. Maybe you could eat it?

Captain's Hat
A big blue hat with a big yellow 'C' on the front. I guess you're the
captain now!

Choco Crunch
This is a bowl of Chockle's favorite cereal, chocolate flavored Cap'n
Crunch. Maybe you could eat it?

Red Crunchberry
This delicious little red berry looks like it is fresh from the vine.
Maybe you could eat it?

Pirate Bag
The bag looks like it could hold a lot of loot!

Squish Hammer (enchanted)
This hammer gleams with a magical inner light. It is made of a shining
metal alloy that you're unfamiliar with. You feel tremendous power as
you hold it.

Green Crunchberry
This less than appetizing looking little green berry doesn't seem to be
ripe yet. Maybe you could still eat it?

