magic, wforest portal, e,3s,w,nw


       x-x
      /   \
   x-x-x-1 x
    \|\   /
     x-x-x
     |
     x
      \
       x
        \
         E


1: Hens

a young boy (Bryan)
A small boy stands here, looking at the waterfall.  While he appears fairly
interested by it, he seems to also have a look of boredom.  His feet are
bare and covered with mud, and his hair is gnarled and dirty.  He is
wearing what appears to be an old and torn cloak, which appears to be in
desperate need of cleaning.  For some reason he hasn't noticed you yet.
You should try to talk to him, maybe he will tell you his name.

A hungry fox
The fox is staring intently westward, looking hungrily at the helpless
chickens inside the coop.  She is pacing back and forth with her head
lowered close to the grass and her bushy tail slightly tucked between her
legs.  Licking her lips in anticipation, she seems to survey the fence as
if trying to find a way inside.  The fox is concentrating so intently on
her next meal that she doesn't seem to notice you.

A young hen
This young female chicken appears not to be overly concerned by your
presence.  Clucking to herself, she wanders around the pen, stirring up the
straw with her long bone-like feet.  She seems perfectly content living in
this small caged in area.  You almost feel sorry for this ignorant, yet
happy creature and wonder if you should even bother to harm it.

An adult hen
This adult chicken is a little larger and stronger than her younger
relatives.  She walks slowly around the pen, cautiously turning her head to
watch your every move.

A large rooster
This is a male chicken, who was previously hiding inside the hen house.
However, now that you have lured him out with the chicken feed, he seems
concerned only with his meal.




A tiny egg
This egg appears to be smaller than a normal sized egg.  Strangely enough,
this seemingly flawless egg is completely spherical in shape.  As you look
closely at the solid, white outer shell, you begin to wonder if perhaps
this even is an egg after all.  Due to its strange shape and unusually
small size, you consider that perhaps there is more here than meets the
eye.

.