chaos,3e,2s,2e,n,3e,s,e
push button,type Shakrali,follow instincts


                      E
          2-x-x       |
   W      |   |       D
   |    5-4 3 4-5     |
   X      | | |       C
   |      1-x-x       |
   Y        ^         B
   |        |         |
   Z        S         A

1: search pile
2: rock crib
3: open cage (exit)
4: knock door
5: say hypnotize me
6: say hypnotize me
A: rise to B, fall to 5, tap bully
B: rise to C, fall to A, rejoice with sibling
C: relax
D: rise to E, fall to B, lie couch
E: fall to D, disturb brain
Z: rise to Y, fall to 6, say <name>
Y: rise to X, fall to Z, say 47
X: rise to W, fall to Y, say 6:12 pm
W: fall to X, open panel, push red button

Pile of Money     41297
This is a giant pile of money. It is constructed of many coins, and coated
with numerous paper bills. It assumes no particular form but can construct
a vicious metal strike using its massive metal protuberances.

An Angry Baby     27039
This baby seems to be angry from a lack of caring and love. He is
not well kept, and wearing dirty odor emitting diapers. The one key
difference between this baby and a normal one, is that this one is
approximately twice your size. Judging by the look on his face, he
isn't in the mood for a bedtime story.

A mutilated corpse   18347
The corpse is damaged beyond almost all repair. It no longer has eyes, but
only eye sockets where they used to be. Its skin is decomposing and gives
off a foul-smelling odor. As you look closer, you become really perturbed.
The corpse, is actually a distorted image of yourself. You panic as your fear
of death is realized.

Beautiful Young Woman   24542
This young woman frolics playfully around the fountain, in the same
state as she was brought into the world. Her hair is long, straight
and red and she has the most alluring green eyes. She appears to
not have a care in the world.

The Eminent Dr. Frud   73086
Doctor Frud is a powerful middle aged man with extreme physical strength as
well as mental acuity. He stands all of seven feet tall and fits well in his
muscular frame. His area of expertise is bringing out emotional confrontations
in his patients and helping them deal with these confrontations. His shifty
but deep and powerful eyes seem to explore and analyze you as are looking
at him. Doctor Frud is not the strong but silent type. He is actually quite
the talker once you get to know him. Why don't you say hi?

Large Bully   8163
This large bully is very large and scruffy looking. It doesn't seem as if he's
combed his hair for a while or even cares about hygiene at all. He has a
moustache, which is curious for a twelve year old. He also has a mean look in
his eyes, the look that says, I can take you down with my little finger. Are
you ready to fight him?

Jealousy   18159
What you see is jealousy, your own jealousy. It stands in front of you,
looking over you and imagining all the things it never had. It is nothing
but a burden to you.

Stress   31633
Your stress has taken the form of an image of yourself. However, the image's
body is completely tense, as if it's going to explode. Also, the hair on the
image appears to be pointed outwards. You wonder, are you really that bad
during finals week?

Right Brain    60932
This Brain appears to be a right brain from your best judgement. And being a
right brain it controls emotions as well as the mechanical functions in the
left side of your body. The brain appears to be concentrating very intently
on his art. Disturbing the brain would not be a good idea.

The Eminent Dr. Fred    77060
The eminent Doctor Fred is a tall and physically imposing man, standing
close to six and a half feet tall. He is an older man, still awaiting his
retirement by a few years. From his degrees on the wall, you can tell that
Doctor Fred went to the best schools and has degrees in philosophy and
psychology. He seems like a rather chatty man, why don't you say hello?

Problem One   25115
An electric freight train, inhabited by the ghosts of ten dead soldiers
(which sadly receive no attention) is travelling E at 65 mph, and there is a
westerly wind blowing at 34 mph. In the third freight car there is a bomb
composed of 3.5 pounds of C4 explosives, the clock is set to detonate the
bomb at 3:54 EDT, and you must ensure that all of its freight arrives at its
destination intact. The train line is CN, its CEO is a man by the name of
Gordon Willy. At a board of directors meeting, a decision regarding the line
has been made, just three weeks before the hostile take-over by GM. Your
father is so proud of his child (who is not related to you), the driver of
the train headed for hell. The Moon, the Earth, and Jupiter are in perfect
alignment. The wife of one of the dead soldiers smokes Marlboro cigarettes,
a pack of 25/day, king size. The dish and the spoon that ran away together
were seen in Hawaii; they have just finished serving up the cow that has
re-entered the Earth's atmosphere. You have under four hours before the
disaster strikes. The question is this: What is the name of the conductor?

Problem Two    24896
Solve the next number in the sequence:
91
62
53
64
96
??

Problem Three    27056
There was once a clock that lost time at a rate of 5 minutes every 1 hour
and 45 minutes. If I set the clock correctly at 5 pm, what time is it the
next day when the clock says 5 pm?

Left Brain    264425
This left brain is slightly modified from a standard human brain, in that it
is self sustaining. It circles above you, as it has the ability to hover and
move around at will. It appears similiar in structure to the normal left side
of a human brain, and is fleshy with many visible nerves. It has no apparent
skull or padding, but some kind of field protects it from damage.




Baby Rattle (enchanted)
This baby rattle is enormous and blunt. When it strikes its
opponent, the rattling effect vibrates the opponent, causing even
more damage.

Ring of Right Brain Control
This ring gives off many colors when exposed to light. The myriad of colors
inspires many emotions inside you. Perhaps it would have an even greater
effect if it was worn.

Ring of Left Brain Control
This ring seems like a normal looking ring. It has a simple band, and it
would seem to fit your finger okay. Curiously though, it appears to make
everything around you seem more clear.

Lab Coat (Radiating)
This lab coat appears to be used. However, it is made of a fine durable
material. It appears to have been exposed to some sort of radiation,
because it is glowing.

Protective Bodysuit
This protective bodysuit is made of a thin but very strong aluminum lined
with padded leather on the inside for comfort. It is very thick but at the
same time very comfortable, molding to your arms proportions as you wear it.

Staff of Mind Control (enchanted)
This staff measures about six feet long and is made of high quality oak. At
the tip of the staff is a small sphere. As the sphere glows, it uses the mind
energy of its wielder to emit piercing brain waves against its opponent. The
staff is engraved with the words, 'Property of Dr. Fred'.

.