chaos,3e,2s,ride cow
CowVille [Stelari]
Northern Cowville [Stelari]

   
              8-x-x-x-x
             /|X|X|X|X|\
            x-x-x-x-x-x-x
           /|/    |    \|\
          x-x x-x-x-x-x x-x
         /|/ /|X|X|X|X|\ \|\
        x-x h-x-x-x-x-x-H x-x
       /|/ /|/|/     \|X|\ \|\
      x-x x-x-h       x-x-x x-x
      |X| |X|/         \|X| |X|
      x-x x-x   x   x-x-E-x x-x
      |X| |X|  / \ /    |X| |X|
      x-x-x-x P   x     x-x-x-x
      |X| |X|     |     |X| |X|
      x-x x-x     x     x-x x-x
      |X| |X|\    |    /|X| |X|
      x-x x-x-x   x   x-x-x x-x
       \|\ \|X|\  |  /|/|/ /|/
        x-x x-x-x-C-x-x-x x-x
         \|\ \|X|X|X|X|/ /|/
          x-x x-x-x-x-x x-x
           \|\    |    /|/
            x-x-x-x-x-x-x
             \|X|X|X|X|/
              x-x-x-x-x

h: A simple hut
H: A native hut
C: search boulder - for exit north               
E: A small crevice in the mountain
P: A large portal in the floor

                                 8
                                 |
           x   x x   x           x
            \ /   \ /           /| 
             x-x-x-x-x         / x
            /   / \   \       /  |
           x   x   x   x x x /   x 
                        \|/ /   /
               x-x-x-x   x-x-x x
              /      |   |   |
             x x x x | x-x-6 x x
               | | | |   |     |
           5-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x x-x
               | | | |   |     |
             x x x x |   x-----x-x-x-x
              \      |  /      | |    \       /
               x-x-x-x /       x 9     x-7-x-x
                      /                  |
                     /                   x-x-x-x-x-x
                  1 /     x-x            |X|X|
                  |/     /|X|            x-x-x-x
            4-x-3-x-2-x-x-x-x            |X|X|
                  |                      x-x-x
                  x         x-x          |    \
                  |        /  |          x   x-x
          x-x x-x x-x-x-x-x x x x
          | | | | |        \|   |
          x x-x x x     x   x-x-x
          |     | |    / \
          x-x-x-x-x-x-x   x
                  |    \ /
          x-x     x     x
          | |     |
          x x-x-x-x
          | |     |
          x-x     x
                  |
                  E-x-x-x
                         \
                          x-x-x


1: The Queen's Hoof (pub)
2: A token-dispensing machine - *thump machine* for token to go east
3: pull handle - to go west
4: A small rocket (enter)
5: Altar
6: The CowVille general store
7: push through - to go south
8: Wharf
9: Bromide the Mad-Scientist Cow
   say help, say yes, search paper, read note
   you need a moon-pie from ice-cream vendor, a milkshake from the pub and chalk from the university
   'give chalk and pie and milkshake to bromide' all as 1 command.
   Cheese Marble

Angus the Farming Cow    23531
Angus looks like he has been a farmer all his life, fitting into the
lifestyle like a hoof fits a hoof-print.  He chews on the obligatory
piece of grass as he admires his fields.  Even his black spots look
like they belong on the farm, shaped like miniature hay-bales.  His
big brown eyes watch you carefully as you move around, as they watch
all movement on his farm.

Murdoc the Mad Cow    367442
Oh dear, You really shouldn't be around Murdoc, he's a little insane.
OK, a lot insane.  He has the dreaded Mad Cow disease, and has been
shunned by the rest of CowVille for fear that they would catch it.
You should get out of here before you catch it too.  Murdoc is a huge
cow, towering above you and gibbering madly, he looks like a cow on
the edge and could turn on you at any second.

Clover the Receptionist Cow    21901
Clover looks like a typical receptionist in a high-class
establishment: bitchy.  She looks determined to stop anybody not
supposed to be here from passing by, so it looks like you might be out
of luck.  Her glare seems to follow you around the room, daring you to
try and sneak past.

Julio the Spanish Cow   19437
Julio has come to MTV studios to apply for a job hosting one of their
shows.  He looks a little nervous, but is trying to play it cool to
get the job.  Julio's spots would suit the job, they almost look like
moo-sical notes.

DJ Moo    42460
DJ Moo, the famous Moo-sic TeleVision personality!  You've heard his
voice, now you can see the flesh.  What a guy!  His spots almost seem
to dance and jive before your eyes, and his cowish grin makes your
mouth split into a smile involuntarily.

Herbert the Police Cow    49349
Herbert is a large cow, well, bull technically.  He wanders around
CowVille to make sure everything is in order and nobody is getting
hurt.  His spots look particularly clean and polished giving him an
official and authoritative appearance.  You would be best off not
messing with him.

Frederick the Ice-Cream Vendor Cow    23138
Frederick is the local Ice-Cream Vendor Cow, providing icy cold treats
for all the cows on hot and sunny days.  He wanders up and down main
street selling his treats, perhaps you could 'ask' for a list of what
he has today.  If you wanted to, you could even 'buy' a treat from
him, it is a hot and sunny day after all.

Mosely the Police Cow     47777
Mosely looks exactly like the type of cow you don't want to mess with.
He is HUGE!  His hooves must be as big as saucers, and just thinking
of what they could do to your skull sends shudders through you.  His
face is a different story however, smiling warmly at everybody he
passes, and giving a friendly greeting to most as well.

Carnation the Arty Cow
Carnation looks like a stuck-up annoying high-class cow.  Even as she
first sees you, she looks down her big cow nose at you, sniffs and
turns away as if to say "What is somebody like _you_ doing in a place
like _this_?"  What she needs is a good beating.

Boris the Red Cow    23555
Boris seems to have recently arrived from somewhere in the great
eastern bloc.  He doesn't quite seem to grasp the concept of
capitalism, and holds stubbornly to his belief in com-Moo-nism.  Even
his spots look slightly red, and his huge bulk seems to shudder
slightly under your gaze.

A shiny new Moo-Cedes    42777
What a flash car!  This doesn't really fit in with the quaint
atmosphere of the rest of CowVille which makes you wonder what it is
doing parked beside the road here.  It is jet black, with lots of
shiny chrome bits and bobs to make it more expensive-looking.

Roland the Busking Cow     17105
Roland is a street Moo-sician, playing his banjo around CowVille in
the hope of making some Moo-lah.  He is a middle-aged cow and seems to
be a very talented Moo-sician, and by the looks of it, he appears to
enjoy what he does.  The pattern of his spots makes you think of
musical notes.

Norman the Sozzled Cow    11503
Norman doesn't look too good.  He sways back and forward as his big
brown eyes try to focus on you, but doesn't seem to be having much
luck.  The spots on his hide seem to depict bottles, but it could just
be coincidence.  Norman obviously enjoys his Moo-nshine a little too
much.

Daisy the bartending cow  -  unkillable
Daisy stands behind the bar, waiting to serve her customers with a
friendly smile and moo.  She looks friendly and welcoming, but at the
same time authoritative and commanding.  The pattern of her black and
white spots is beautiful.

Harvey the Wondercow   14886
Harvey is not really a wondercow, just a normal cow hired by the
A-Moo-sement park to wander around in a wondercow costume and pretend
to be wonderful.  He is a nice guy however and loves his job as it
lets him spend all day in the park, and occasionally he even gets free
candy-floss.

Tangerine the Calf   7000
Tangerine the calf stares at you with big brown eyes in the cutest
way.  She seems to be enjoying her day at the A-Moo-sement park, and
has a little toy cow she won at one of the side-shows.

Sweetpea the Calf   7000
A cute, little baby cow named Sweetpea who is enjoying the
A-Moo-sement park.  Surely you wouldn't do anything to stop her
enjoyment?  She is extremely cute, with her little black and white
spots in the pattern of flowers and hearts.

Buttercup the Mother Cow  25000
Buttercup is a very large cow who seems to be in constant motion,
looking after and herding her little 'uns.  She is extremely
protective of them and would surely be very upset if anything were to
happen to them.  Buttercup has a large, milk-filled udder which you
are not sure whether to look at or not.

Tinkerbell the Calf   7000
Tinkerbell is trying desperately to follow Buttercup, her mummy cow,
around the A-Moo-sement park.  She is a cute little calf with big
black and white spots that add to her innocent appearance.  You are
pretty certain that Buttercup would take offense if any harm were to
come to little ol' Tinkerbell.

Tully the Sick Cow    14038
Tully doesn't look particularly well, probably from having eaten too
much A-Moo-sement park food and played too many sideshow games.  His
spots look slightly greenish, as if his unwell feeling were so strong
it is actually visible.

Flowerpot the Technical Cow    19907
Flowerpot looks extremely intelligent, though you can't put a finger
on why.  Perhaps it is the dazzling pattern of thermodynamic waves her
spots make, or perhaps it is the way she looks down her big cow nose
at you.  She seems to be busy with her equipment, so it would not be
best to disturb her, as she probably knows at least 63 ways of
dissecting you with her hooves.

Aristotle the Wise Cow    20257
Aristotle seems to be pottering around somewhat absent-mindedly, going
over his notes for a lecture.  He is obviously an old cow, with his
once jet black spots now graying around the edges.  He barely notices
you as he paces back and forward muttering to himself.

Lily the Teaching Cow    40345
Lily looks like a typical stern teacher.  She gives you a cool, flat
gaze as you look at her, daring you to step out of line.  She carries
a student cow's most dreaded instrument: a cattle prod!  Her classes
are ruled with an iron hoof, anybody who gets out of line is punished
severely, so it might be best not to mess with her.

Rascal the Student Cow    11585
Rascal is a shabby looking cow, as if he hardly bothers with his
appearance at all.  His spots look dirty and unwashed, and his eyes
look bloodshot.  He slouches as you look at him, and glares at you
accusingly.

Marigold the Cheerleading Cow    22792
Marigold flips and tumbles around the place as she practices her
cheerleading moves.  The white of her coat almost looks to be a little
yellowish...perhaps...blonde?  It might just be the sun though.  Her
face is split by a wide smile, though it is probably fake, as it
doesn't slip at all when she falls on her butt.

Honeydew the Usherette Cow  20871
It is Honeydews job to direct cows to their seats with her little
flashlight.  She seems to quite enjoy herself, as she gets to watch
Moo-vies while she works, and constantly has a little smile on her
face.  Her spots are arranged to almost form a little jacket and skirt
pattern, how handy!

Jasmine the Moo-viegoing Cow    17352
Jasmine is a Moo-vie buff, and you can usually find her in the theatre
watching whatever they are showing.  Her spots seem to reflect her
obsession, almost shaped like little film reels.

Humphrey the Space Cow
Humphrey seems to be on the Moo-n studying the town of CowVille from
above, though why he would do such a thing is beyond you.  He is a
large cow, and his spots give you the impression of a powerful and
highly-skilled cow.  Best not mess with him.  He looks at you briefly,
wondering what you are doing here, but quickly gets back to his work.

Biscuit the Altar Calf    9485
Biscuit is a quiet little calf, who enjoys spending his afternoons
carefully arranging things around the Church of Moo in order to best
please the Almighty Moo.  His still-developing spots already seem to
be shaping themselves into halos, perhaps hinting at a long and
illustrious career in the church.

Granville the Priestly Cow   47367
Granville is a cow of advanced age, greying slightly around the nose.
His robes show him to be a priest in the order of Moo, worshippers of
the Almighty Moo, protector of all bovines.  Though he is old, he
appears sprightly on his hooves, as if infused with some holy
lifeforce.

Ferdinand the Minister Cow    68136
Ferdinand wears a look of peace and tranquility upon his face, almost
as if he were totally happy with the world around him.  He's not of
course, there are too many heretics for his liking, but he's not going
to let them know that.

Jerome the Holy Cow (!)    67005
Jerome almost seems to radiate holy goodness, but doesn't seem to be
"all there".  It seems his devout life has gone to his big bovine
brain, and he believes himself to be a physical embodiment of the
Almighty Moo.  All the other cows just smile and nod.

Spiro the Branding Cow   50354
Spiro's hide is absolutely covered in brands, from the seared words of
his first farm on his rump, to a cute little Tazmanian devil just
above his left front hoof.  From his nose, a great big nose-ring
hangs, and he has his ears pierced.  It must be true what they
say...one brand is never enough.

Marmaduke the Police-Chief Cow   129131
Whoah, big cow!  Marmaduke is a huge beast of a cow, towering over you
as he strides around the room.  He glowers at you for a second, his
big brown eyes seeming to bore into your soul, almost expecting you to
confess to a crime, but then strides off to glare at somebody else.
Unless you have pressing business with him, it might be best to just
get out of his way.

A cow (?)    34471
A bad black and white splotchy paintjob seems to cover a brown,
thickly furred creature with long, spindly legs and large,
pointy-out-sideways ears.  Its big muzzle looks vaguely cow-like, but
you can't quite place it.  The heavyset body looks too large for the
thin legs to support, but whatever it is somehow moves around at quite
a speed, nervously pacing back and forth.

Billy the calf   47036
Baby-faced Billy is a bull where it counts but a calf at heart.  His
perfectly proportioned frame belies the age of his face, causing him
to be constantly underestimated.  He's surprisingly dressed in jeans,
black leather chaps and a starched blue shirt.

Mario the mince   20867
A long, tan trench coat sweeps right down to the ground but stops just
short enough to reveal steel capped boats poking out from the bottom.
As if feeling a chill in the air that no one else can feel, Mario has
the collar turned up and reluctantly peers out from behind it.

Horatio the Doctor Cow   52838
Horatio certainly looks like a doctor, complete with white overcoat
and a stethoscope around his neck.  Curious brown eyes regard you with
suspicion, as if he were trying to decide what is wrong with you.
Beneath the white coat, you can see his prominent black and white
spots in the pattern of a thermometer.  You could say he was born to
be a doctor!

Private Wallace (practicing)    40109
Wallace is busy marching around and around the training grounds,
making sure his form is right.  Occasionally he will stop, stand to
attention, and salute an imaginary officer before continuing on his
way.  Though not a big cow, Wallace has an air of confidence about
him, lent weight by his military uniform.

Cowptain Pritchard    434665
Cowptain Pritchard is an imposing figure in his green CowPat uniform,
pacing around the room and occasionally glaring at you.  Standing
upright on his back hooves, he towers above you, a full nine and a
half feet tall.  Though he is not a young cow, you can still see
bulging muscles underneath his uniform, a good sign that he is not to
be taken lightly.

Bruce the Drill Sergeant Cow
Bruce is a gruff looking fellow, with lines and wrinkles covering his
black and white spotted face.  From beneath craggy eyebrows, small and
cold eyes glare at you coldly, making you feel three feet tall and
seven years old.  As he barks orders to the occasional enlisted cow,
you can hear that his voice has that unwavering, piercing quality that
makes it impossible to ignore.  Though he is reasonably old, you can
tell from his stance that there is still great strength in his limbs,
and you would be unwise to get on the wrong side of him.

Evantine the Chef Cow    207027
Evantine is wearing a large green apron, with the words "KISS THE
COOK" written in hot pink on it.  He looks to be a jolly fellow, a
little out of place in the CowPat military base, but the recruits seem
to like him, and he certainly cheers up the mess hall.  He looks to
enjoy his own cooking a little too much, with his large, prominent
belly pushing out his apron in almost a semi-circle.  Don't be fooled
though, his chef skills have given him an uncanny ability with knives,
and his hooves move with blistering speed.

Private Denis   56969
Denis is the perfect recruit, his uniform starched and his hooves
shining like little black stars.  He marches proudly up and down the
barracks, looking at the other Privates with scorn and distaste.
Obviously, he has his sights set on becoming part of the C.R.A.P.
unit, though of course it's a secret, so he would never say anything.

Private Marshal   34782
Marshal looks to be pretty new to the CowPat, you can tell because he
has his hat on backwards and his hooves aren't shined.  He is looking
around nervously, as if keeping an eye out for superior officers.

Private Benjamin   44653
Benjamin is only a Private in the Cowville Patrol, but he is very
proud of his role, and focused on doing the best damn job he can.  He
carries his rifle with all the grace of .. well .. a cow.  He is
dressed in full uniform, though it looks a little crumpled, as if he
isn't quite used to the military life yet.

Mooleone, Don Mooleone    70797
The Don induces fear just by looking at him.  Generally it's because
of his ever-expanding bulk, his influence to have you take a permanent
vacation with the fishes, or his perfectly shined and tip-sharpened
horns.  Today however, it's because of his grotesque ability to
constantly pack food into his abyss of a mouth.   With a lamb chop in
one hand and a fork in another, he's an eating force to be reckoned
with.

Mickey the steak    30717
Mickey is overly tall and slender for a bull, with a gaunt face and
narrow eyes.  He's dressed in a shiny three-piece suit that's too
short and stops just above his ankles and wrists.  This look of a calf
playing dress-up is accentuated by his look of stupidity as he tries
to give you a menacing, yet staunch, glare.

Johnny the snitchzel   24745
Johnny's three-piece suit fits perfectly but does little to hide his
short stature and wide girth.  By the look of him, this is a mini-moo
with a complex and the accompanying mean streak that goes with it.  He
views the world through green colored glasses and generally dislikes
anyone taller than he is.

Bobby the fillet    41718
Cool and suave, Bobby eyes the room in a detached way as he leans
against the bar and repeatedly flips a coin in the air.  His Armooni
three-piece suit is perfectly tailored to his frame and accessorized
with a heavy gold chain around his neck.

Emily the Sunbathing Cow   38929
Emily is a lithe, lean cow, her white spots browned by the harsh
island sun.  She appears to spend every minute she can on the beach,
drinking in the rays and watching the world go by.  You know the sort
- heavy on the makeup, but light on the conversation.

A Brown Mooby Bird   20860
A lovely creamy brown colour, much like a jersey cow (with the same
big brown eyes), the brown mooby bird cocks its head as it peers at
you.  Perhaps she is trying to decide if you are some kind of tasty
fish, or whether she might have to try and fend you off with her
pointy yellow beak and sharp claws.

A Bull Seal    28742
Almost appearing like a leopard seal, this large black and white
spotted beast flops around on the hot sand contentedly.  Obviously
enjoying the heat of the sun, the big bull seal seems to take offense
that you are invading his territory, and glares at you angrily
whenever you get too close.

Arthur the Pagan Cow, Worshipper of Toomoo    42164
Arthur is a devoted worshipper of Toomoo, devoting every waking moment
(when he isn't grazing on palm fronds) to fulfilling his every godly
whim.  He has a rather distant look as he goes about his life, as
though he is constantly in communication with his beloved deity.

Camelia the Godless Cow    27099
Nobody on the island likes Cameila much; her refusal to acknowledge
any of the gods the other islanders worship has made her an outcast.
Regardless of the attitudes of the other cows, Camelia appears to lead
a happy and contented life, sunbathing and gorging herself on
coconuts.

An Anacownda    60047
This snake is HUGE!  It is easily nine feet long and probably a couple
of feet around at its thickest point.  Its scales are a beautiful
mixture of black and white, reminding you strangely of some other
creature...plus it has those big brown doe-eyes.

A Chipmoonk   15667
Chittering noisily as it scampers around the ground, the chipmoonk is
an energetic little creature.  Spotted black and white, with a
curiously bovine face, but with large, protruding front teeth, it is
definitely a strange looking thing, but kind of cute at the same time.
It seems to be collecting nuts and berries, tucking them away into its
puffy cheeks as it finds them.

A Moonkey   43795
A black and white spotted moonkey!  It swings through the trees with
the greatest of ease, using its prehensile tail to grip and hold,
since its hooves aren't much good for that.  It has a blocky, stumpy
face with large brown eyes that are definitely more bovine than ape.

Chapu the Pagan Cow, Worshipper of Toomoo   39586
Chapu looks to be engrossed in worshipping Toomoo; he is muttering
some sort of prayer which you can't understand, aside from the odd
exclamation to Toomoo.  Occasionally, he prostrates himself flat on
the ground and presses his big forehead to the earth.

A Masked Mooby Bird  13468
A majestic-looking bird, the mooby is mostly white, with a black mask
covering most of her face, and black tips to her long wings.  With a
thick, sturdy beak and sharp claws on her webbed feet, she is not
without her defenses, though she prefers to eat fish.

Tuingamala the Pagan Cow, Worshipper of Toomoo   32474
Tuingamala is a large, gentle-looking cow whose pleasantly round black
spots decorate his white coat giving you a feeling of benevolence.  He
seems to be talking quietly to himself about how wonderful Toomoo is,
and how his mighty power will save the whole island.

Nuala the Pagan Cow, Worshipper of Toomoo   37264
Nuala Nuala is large, round, and strange for somebody who lives on the
island. It could be that her fervent worship of Toomoo has bestowed
her with ample food and drink, and the ability to avoid the normal
array of island chores.  Alternatively, it could be that her friendly,
smiling face convinces the other islanders to go easy on her.

Fa'aoso the Pagan Cow, Worshipper of Toomoo    46910
Fa'aoso is a large, clumsy cow, but always has a wide grin on his big
bovine face.  Messy black spots seem thrown haphazardly across his
body, which suits his demeanor.  Rather than being large because of
being well-muscled, it just appears as if he has been enjoying too
many coconuts.  He is constantly praying and shouting his devotion to
Toomoo.

A Blue-Footed Mooby Bird   11991
Rather comical-looking, the blue-footed mooby is speckled black and
white except for her remarkable bright blue feet.  Not really able to
rely on camouflage, she likes to ward off possible predators with her
hefty beak and stubby blue claws.

Murphy the Moomon    28481
Dressed in a pristine black and white suit, Murphy's big brown eyes
light up when he sees you approach, and he starts to walk up to you
almost immediately.  Somewhat young, you are surprised to see him
wearing a suit at all, let alone wandering around approaching strange
people all on his own.

Chooca the Moodicine Man   57386
An old but wise cow, Chooca has a wild look in his eyes and a fever to
his movements.  He takes his role on the island very seriously, to
save the souls of the unbelievers by consigning them to a fiery pit of
hell.  He wears a massive headdress of feathers and twigs, a necklace
of large, bleached bones, and not much else.

A forlorn cow soul   823124
A forlorn cow soul has been living in agony for eternity, and is now
focused solely on transferring its agony directly on to YOU.  Consumed
with fire and sliding between solidity and vapour, the soul swirls
around you, leaving a fiery trail behind it.

A heretic cow soul   442323
A heretic cow soul has been living in agony for eternity, and is now
focused solely on transferring its agony directly on to YOU.  Consumed
with fire and sliding between solidity and vapour, the soul swirls
around you, leaving a fiery trail behind it.

An infidel cow soul    203289
An infidel cow soul has been living in agony for eternity, and is now
focused solely on transferring its agony directly on to YOU.  Consumed
with fire and sliding between solidity and vapour, the soul swirls
around you, leaving a fiery trail behind it.

A destitute cow soul   122408
A destitute cow soul has been living in agony for eternity, and is now
focused solely on transferring its agony directly on to YOU.  Consumed
with fire and sliding between solidity and vapour, the soul swirls
around you, leaving a fiery trail behind it.

Chrysanthemum the HouseCow   48359
Chrysanthemum is a pretty cow, as far as cows go.  Her big brown eyes
are framed by long, curving lashes, drawing your eyes to stare into
hers.  She is wearing an apron, and a big smile on her face as she
putters around in her house.





Cowskin Pants
Woo!  Leather pants!  Well, black and white spotted cowskin pants, but
close!  These look fantastic, and will show off your butt in the most
wonderful way.  Be proud and wiggle it.

A Huge, Bloody Cleaver
This cleaver is HUGE!  You could butcher an elephant with this
monstrosity, assuming you can lift it of course.  It drips with blood
which never seems to dry or clean off, as if the cleaver was thirsting
for it's next victim.  The cleaver will definitely make a devastating
weapon in the hands of somebody skilled and strong enough to wield it.

Cowskin Boots
A nice pair of black and white spotted cowskin boots.  These boots
will probably keep your feet very warm whilst offering some
protection.  You almost feel sorry for the cow who parted with its
skin to provide you with these boots, but then you imagine fitting
them snugly onto your feet and forget all about the cow.

Cowskin Ring
Ha, this is not much more than a short length of cowskin tied into a
loop which will fit around your finger.  However, it will certainly
enhance the appearance of your hands with its pleasant black and white
spotted colouring.

A CD
A round disc constructed of hard plastic, this CD is by the band
"METALLICOW", a popular bovine band.  It also makes a pretty
suncatcher, the plastic shining brightly in the sun.

Cowskin Cap
While this sporty black and white cap won't offer much in the way of
protection, it will certainly keep the sun off your noggin, or keep it
warm in cold climates.  It really is a quality piece of clothing with
great looking spots, how could you resist wearing it?

Cowskin Jerkin
This is a pleasant-looking jerkin made out of stylish black and white
cowskin.  It looks nice and thick, so will provide you some protection
and warmth.  As well as giving you something to wear, this jerkin will
also give you STYLE.

A police-cow's whistle
Wow, the whistle of Herbert the Police Cow.  Chances are you killed
him to acquire this, you bad bad person you.  It is a nice shiny
whistle, and you feel an urge to blow on it to see what happens.  It
has a small emblem of CowVille on it, to remind you of where it came
from.

Cowskin Shield
The skin of some poor unfortunate cow has gone into making this shield
for you.  Thankfully it looks terriffic so you don't care all that
much.  It is quite large, though light due to its composition, and
spotted black and white.  With any luck, it might put foes off when
they are attacking you, making them think you are a cow.
The shield is in perfect condition.

Cowskin Bow Tie
A dapper black and white cowskin bow tie.  This would look great with
a suit, or just with any old thing.  It would fit nicely around your
neck.

A fake british accent
This is one of those horrible fake british accents that pompous and
pretentious people use when they try to act superior.  It doesn't
usually work.

Com-Moo-nism for Dummies (open)
This appears to be a handy reference guide about the finer points of
com-Moo-nism.  Probably not the kind of thing you want to be seen
carrying around.  It has a nice yellow cover making it look friendly
and unintimidating.
The book has 5 page(s) (1, 2, 3, 4, 5).
The current page is 1.

A Lovely Purple Moo-d Ring
This is a lovely Moo-d ring, basically a band of metal with an inset
gem which changes colour every now and then based on your Moo-d.  It
is quite pretty and surely wearing it will be beneficial somehow.

Cowskin Gloves
A nice warm pair of gloves made from black and white spotted cowskin.
Wearing these would not only give your hands some protection, but make
you look damn cool as well.  Black and white are the colours of the
season after all.

A black and white banjo
This is a stunning black and white banjo that once belonged to Roland
the street Moo-sician.  You doubt your ability to play it properly, as
it was constructed with hooves in mind, however it does make evil
twanging noises as you strum it, and could seriously damage people's
eardrums if played badly enough.

Cowskin Trenchcoat
Now this is class.  A long, black and white spotted, stylish cowskin
trenchcoat.  This will swish and sway as you walk, making it
impossible for people not to notice you.  Everybody will be jealous of
you and want one of these for themselves.  It should offer you some
pretty good protection, as it is quite thick and warm, as well as
fairly heavy.

A small token
This is a small plastic token which will let you enter the CowVille
A-Moo-sement park, otherwise it is worthless.  On one side is a
picture of a cow wearing a mask and cape, flying through the air, and
on the other side is printed "The CowVille A-Moo-sement Park".

The Mask of Wondercow
This is the mask of the amazing Wondercow.  It is possible that it is
the source of all his powers and that if you wear it you could use
those powers for yourself ... on the other hand, it's more likely to
be just a thick plastic mask.  Either way, you could slip it on if you
wanted to.

The Cape of Wondercow
This is the cape of the amazing Wondercow.  While flying, it flowed
out behind him to give the impression of power and beauty, but up
close it is really just a piece of blue cloth.  It could still be
quite useful, but you doubt it has any wonder powers.

A fluffy toy Cow
A little black and white cow doll that has been viciously stolen from
a poor baby calf.  It's yours now though and it's so cute you want to
hug it, and squeeze it and never let it go.  You also have an
irrational desire to boot it like a football.

A big, bulging udder
It's all squishy!  It must be full, meaning that you could probably
give it a good squeeze.  Just make sure you point it away from
yourself first!  The liquid inside sloshes around noisily, indicating
its milkiness.  You wonder what would happen if you gave it a good
shake.
*shake udder*
You give the udder a vigorous shaking, and slowly the contents
sound like they change from milk into cream!

Chalk (by Stelari)
This small, innocent piece of chalk should not be confused with the
two excellent pieces already in existence.  Should you wish to make a
chalk collection, you should search out the Chalk coded by Doh in
Springfield, and the Chalk by Xiola in the Hippie Commune.

A Cattle Prod
This is a wicked looking cattle prod, about three feet in length.  The
handle is covered in a rubberised grip to protect from any shock, and
the business end is forked to allow electricity to arc at the point of
impact.

A pair of Pom-Poms
A lovely shaggy, sparkly pair of black and white Pom-Poms.  You could
probably wear them on your hands, though it might make wielding a
weapon somewhat difficult.

A small flashlight. (off)
This is a small black plastic flashlight, the sort used by ushers and
usherettes in Moo-vie theatres.  There is a small switch on one side
allowing you to turn it off and on.

Priestly Robes
These robes once belonged to a priest in the order of Moo, you can
tell from the small hoof insignia upon each shoulder.  The robes drape
almost to the floor, but are very thin, offering little in the way of
protection.

A cow doll (suspiciously Stelari-shaped)
A cute little cow doll, which looks suspiciously like Stelari, but
then, perhaps Stelari really is a cow.  Who knows.  You feel like
keeping it anyway, perhaps you can find some more Stelari dolls and
collect the whole set!

A Huge Nose Ring
This gigantic nose ring was at one stage worn by Spiro, the cow of
much self-mootilation.  It's far too big to fit in your nose though,
but might be just about the right size to snap around your neck.  It
appears to be solid steel, so should offer decent protection from
getting your head cut off.

A cow bone
The bleached bone of a once living and mooing cow.  The bone looks as
if it is very old, and has turned a bit crumbly, so if you want to
keep it you'll need to be careful how you handle it.

A Police Truncheon
A big, heavy police truncheon, famed for it's continued use in the
quelling of riots and the beating of suspects.  From a distance it
looks like plastic or wood, but that's just to keep the public happy,
really it is solid steel, with a nice black lacquered finish.

The Police Badge of Marmaduke
Oooo, what a shiny badge!  It is about the size of your fist, cast out
of bronze, and moulded in the shape of a hoof.  On the front is the
logo of the CowVille police force, a gavel representing justice,
crushing the skull of a criminal in striped pyjamas.  Lovely.
Inscribed beneath the logo is the motto, which you could probably
examine.  On the reverse side, there is a small pin by which the badge
can be attached to your clothing.

a starched shirt
This is a long-sleeved, cowboy casual, cream-striped, heavily-starched
Armooni classic!  Feel that crinkling material and see the that way
that the shaped bottom seam will accentuate your frame?  Oh, you've
just got to have it darling!

jeans with leather chaps
The leather almost entirely covers the faded blue of the jeans,
revealing just the crotch and butt areas; as if to play peek-a-boo
with your senses.  The chaps themselves are the center piece of this
ensemble, with the black leather gently hugging the legs and a short
trim running down the back of the legs in unison with the laces.

a 'Just Moo It!' t-shirt (fake)
Printed on the front is a large, slightly splotchy Nike tick; instead
of smooth lines, the tick almost looks like just a distinctive cow
marking.  Echoing this marking impression, is the wording on the back
in a matching font, 'Just Moo It!'.  The white, cotton T is a perfect
addition to any young calf's wardrobe.

a trench coat
This is a long, tan trench coat made from a tightly woven cotton
twill.  It sweeps downwards from the collar to the hemmed base, and is
long enough to cover most of your body.  It's perfect for the illicit
flashing the trench coat is known for.

a pair of steel-capped boots
The dark, brown lace-up boots have fifteen eyelets for securing them
up your calf.  With its impliable construction material, the only
comfortable aspect of the boots is the padded collar.

White Overcoat
Newly starched and cleaned, this coat looks like one a doctor would
wear.  It has no logo or insignia, however, so if it is from a medical
practitioner, it is likely from a private MD, rather than one in a
big, faceless company.

A cold stethoscope
How is it that every single stethoscope in the world feels like it has
just come out of a freezer?  This one is no exception, and it gives
you shivers just from looking at it, let alone holding on to it.  If
you were feeling like playing doctor, you could probably use it to
'inspect' things.

A Rifle
What a joke, this rifle is made completely out of wood!  You guess it
is only given to the new CowPat recruits so they can't shoot
themselves in the hoof whilst practicing.

CowPat Pants
These pants are the standard issue of the CowPat military.  The
Cowville Patrol uniform is a grass-green colour, allowing the troops
to blend into their natural surroundings quite effectively.  There is
nothing remarkable about the pants.

CowPat Jacket
This jacket is light and flimsy, but a wonderful shade of green.  It
is the standard issue of the Cowville Patrol military, but doesn't
really offer much protection.  You guess that they must have different
gear that they would wear into battle.

CowPat Hat
This hat is pretty plain and flimsy.  It is the standard issue for the
Cowville Patrol military, but wouldn't do much more than keep the sun
off somebodies head, certainly not offer much in the way of protection
against attacks.

A Smith & Fresian Pistol (enhanced)
This pistol is crafted from highly polished steel, inlaid with a small
hoof-shaped section of deep red wood, on which is engraved the letters
"S&F".  It is compact, but hefts nicely in your hand, suggesting it is
a quality piece of hardware, and packs quite a punch.

Cowptain Pritchard's Hat
This hat is very impressive looking, but pretty flimsy now that you
are actually holding it.  The inside is lined with green felt, making
it comfortable if not protective, and the outside is a slightly darker
shade of green cloth, with a small gold cowptains insignia on the
front.

Cowptain Pritchard's Jacket
This jacket is surprisingly heavy, since it looks like a simple cloth
garment, albeit bearing the gold insignia of a cowptain.  Turning it
inside out reveals the source of the weight though, sewn into the
lining are strips of lead, making the jacket bulletproof, but also
meaning it provides quite decent protection against other attacks.

A Small Knife
This knife is quite small, but very sharp nonetheless.  It is perfectly
balanced, making for a deft weapon in the right hands, it would even be
possible to throw it at your target.  It is forged from a single piece
of stainless steel, and bears a small insignia upon the blade.

A Chefs Knife
This knife is EXTREMELY sharp!  Whomever the chef was that used this,
they certainly knew how to take care of their equipment.  It bears a
small etched insignia on the blade, which catches the light as you
slowly turn the blade over in your hands.  The handle is a single
piece of oak, which feels warm and comforting in your grasp.

A Chefs Apron
A large, rather stretched, green apron, with the words "KISS THE COOK"
written in big pink letters on the front.  Gee.  This might be nice to
wear to a BBQ, but you can't imagine it being much use otherwise.

a shiny silver coin
The shiny, silver coin is the size of a bottle cap.  It has a
distinguished bulls head on one side and a hoof design overlaid with
'50 cents' on the other.  It's really just begging to be flipped.

a heavy, pimp chain (gleaming)
The heavy GG link chain is an incredibly spectacular piece; not in the
extremely tasteful way but in the 'Oh my god, you look like a pimp!'
way.  With heavy duty titanium under the electroplated gleaming gold,
this is one heavy accessory.  You are a real man after all, if you can
still stand with all your bling on.

a pair of green tinted glasses
The black frames surround the perfectly circular green-tinted lenses.
The glass itself is a softened hue of an olive.  With these glasses
you can look at the world through the green-tinted hue, while looking
fashionable at the same time.

a pork chop and fork set
The pork chop has congealed with cool grease, giving it a white
mildewed appearance.  The other half of the set is a simple fork that
is caked with a dried red substance.

sharpened bull horns
Two horns joined together by a wide leather strap create the perfect
rendition of a bull's most famous appendage.  Each horn mirrors the
other as it stretches out to the sides before curving around to face
the sharpened tips to the front.

a bottle of mooonshine
This ex-prohibition rotgut is a classic drinking experience from ages
past.  The bottle of shine is a historical treasure and one that
should be respected; until you actually try the cringe-inducing harsh
taste, then all it deserves is a quick one-up over the sink.

Black and White Bikini
A cow-sized bikini (black and white, of course) that looks rather
large for you, but is probably quite skimpy for a cow.  The top is
smaller than the bottom (well, they do have udders) but still ample to
cover most of your torso.

Moomoo
A large, loose dress-like robe, the moomoo protects from the burning
sun, and yet lets in the cooling breeze - perfect for island life.
This particular moomoo is almost all white, apart from a vertical
black stripe, obviously the preferred colours of the natives of the
Isle of Cows.

Two Coconuts
A couple of heavy coconuts that have been tied together with a bit of
twine.  Though rather clumsy, you could probably do a good deal of
damage to someone if you managed to squash them in-between the
coconuts.

Godless Soul  *note - it disappears fast*
How strange, this soul seems to have left its body but has nowhere to
go.  You guess it might be because the owner didn't believe in
anything, but it could be because they liked living so much that they
don't really want to leave.

A large anacownda skin
This skin must have come from an impressively large snake...or
cow...hmm, now that you think about it you aren't sure.  It is quite
pretty though, the slightly shiny scales patterned in black and white.
It could fetch a reasonable price.

Bone Amoolet
A simple leather strap knotted in several places to hold a few long,
bleached bones from some small creatures.  The bones rattle together
noisily, making you constantly aware of their presence.

Feather Headdress
Hundreds of brightly coloured feathers decorate this headdress, from
small blue ones to giant, dangling, flourescent green ones.  Just
wearing such a magnificent piece of flamboyent dress would make you
feel like you could raindance!

Blood-Soaked Stick
What at first appears to be a fairly standard wooden stick that has
been drenched in blood is actually a lot more.  A wickedly sharp point
is cunningly curved to make it easier to rip the still-beating heart
from the chest of the victim.  The wood is strangely heavy, as if not
quite natural, and the blood that soaks the entire stick seems to drip
off without stopping.

A Large Carving Knife
A pretty standard kitchen carving knife, though it is a large one.
You could do some serious damage to somebody with this thing, but it
hardly compares to a sword.

A colorful Apron
A nice red apron, with a big yellow flower on the front.  It seems to
have a trace of flour on it, as if somebody had been baking.  It also
seems to have a trace of blood on it, suggesting that somebody had
killed the person doing the baking.

A round piece of brie (Cheese Marble)
Mmmm, this looks a really tasty bit of cheese, small and round like a ... small round piece of
cheese.  Not eating it is a real effort.

