chaos,4w,e,s,w,s,2e,grab joystick,w,s,play dead or alive 3

select snow,e,s,kill ein,search pile,open door

select building,w,jump through window,kill lee,open grate

select cliff,kill wong,jump down,jump down,jump down

select cage,e,s,k bayman,w,open door

select aquarium, k bass, climb ladder, get urchin, swim out
sea urchin id'd as Lint Marble

select forest,e,k hitomi, cave, search leaves

select final, kill omega, end game


Ein   36142
Ein is very mysterious looking. He is clad in black leather over his
entire body and has black sun glasses on. A black trench coat covers
his body, and the wind billows it up from his feet, making you think
of Neo from The Matrix. Ein moves with lightning speed and motions for
you to fight him with his fingers.

Jan Lee   42490
Jan Lee is a solitary fighter. His nickname is the dragon and he looks
an awful lot like Bruce Lee. You begin to wonder how creative the
developers were. He is on a quest to find a stronger enemy than his
last victim. He is wearing red pants and is fighting in the tournament
with his partner Leifang. His clan has been known to show up when he
gets in trouble.

Dragon clan ninja    5k

Leifang     20k

Brad Wong    49809
Brad Wong is a drunk, or at least that's what he wants you to think.
He is a drunken boxer and is in the tournament to search for a
legendary drink called Gerna. He believes it is the wine of warriors.
He wears a simple shirt and pants, and has a bottle hanging from his
waist.

Bayman    48094
Everything about Bayman says BAD ASS. He is an assassin trained in
martial arts and military tactics. He seeks revenge against Donovan
for making an attempt on his life. He wears military fatigues and a
beret. In the tournament he partners with Leon.

Leon   28204

Bass   38317
Bass Armstrong is an x-professional wrestler. His goal is to stop his
daughter Tina from winning the tournament because he wants her to
become a professional wrestler too. He is gigantic and has bulging
muscles in places you didn't think could bulge. He is wearing a black
hat, a black leather vest and black pants.

Tina   36051

Hitomi   57559
Hitomi has a mix of German and Japanese ancestry. She is a master of
karate and has entered the tournament to test her skills. She is
wearing a jean jacket and jean pants and has long brown hair. As you
watch her, she moves from stance to stance, perfecting her form.

Omega     70436
Omega, or Genra as some people know him, exists in this blurry
forsaken place. The hazy nature of the landscape makes it very hard to
see any details about this individual. He has a weapon which could
only be described as "The double bladed staff light saber from Star
Wars Episode 1", and you sigh once again at the lack of creativity
being expressed.


Items:
A Gourd
This gourd contains a small amount of the Wine of Warriors. It is
rumored to have legendary healing powers. It is reddish in color and
not very big.

Tina's Gloves
The gloves are made with a thin tight material and have long tassels
running down their length. Whoever designed these was aiming for
looks, not practicality. They are very feminine looking and smooth to
the touch.

Leifang's heels
These blue high heels have long spiked tips. They look very awkward
for walking in. If they provide any sort of protection, it would be
amazing. They strap on at the ankle and over the top of your feet.

Hitomi's Jacket
This tough jean jacket will provide ample protection from the cold and
help to absorb some impact from trauma weapons. It is blue with silver
buttons and has a pocket in the front.

Ein's trench coat
This slick black leather trench coat was once worn by Ein in his
attempt to win the Dead or Alive tournament. Obviously he lost since
he isn't wearing his coat.

Bass's Glasses
These sunglasses look to be Oakley imitations. Whoever bought them was
surely ripped off and would be very upset if he or she finds out. They
look fairly slick and you can't help wondering if they will make you
look cool.

A grenade
The grenade is segmented to provide maximum fragmentation on
detonation. It is black and has a pin secured by a long handle. You
could pull the pin to activate it, but you had better get rid of it
soon after.

Energy Staff (enchanted)
This weapon is capable of emitting contained energy in two directions
forming a deadly energy staff. The handle is somewhat heavy, but the
blade has no mass. You feel like somebody out of some sort of star
battle movie trilogy when you hold it.

A sea urchin
This is a prickly little ball that moves its quills as you touch it.

