chaos,3e,2s,2e,3n,trail

   x-x-3
   |   |
   x 4 x
   | | |
   2-x-5
     |
     1
    /
   E

1: climb gate
2: search tree - A small plastic key
3: unlock paperholder
   turn paperholder
   climb bench
   stagedive rift
   land outside @3
4: Einstein
   search desk, open drawer, search pot - Einsteinium Marble


A huge braincell   31257
This is one of Einstein's VERY famous braincells. You wonder what the
heck its doing here though. You don't feel very good about this.

A mean braincell   33379
This is one of Einstein's VERY famous braincells. You wonder what the
heck its doing here though. You don't feel very good about this.

A large braincell   15065
This is one of Einstein's VERY famous braincells. You wonder what the
heck its doing here though. You don't feel very good about this.

A small braincell   36113
This is one of Einstein's VERY famous braincells. You wonder what the
heck its doing here though. You don't feel very good about this.

A manic braincell   39792
This is one of Einstein's VERY famous braincells. You wonder what the
heck its doing here though. You don't feel very good about this.

Einstein, the master of brain usage   215970
Woah! You are actually standing right in front of Einstein!!
Introducer of <insert clever stuff here> and all that. You wish you
had a brain as big as him! You also wish you had those cool pants he's
wearing, but you'd NEVER admit that.



A small plastic key
A small plastic key from Einstein's garden. Wonder what it could
unlock?

A large plastic key
This is a large version of the plastic key from Einstein's garden. You
feel really lucky that you have one.

Einstein's ugly pants
This is Einstein's ugly brown pants, really really out of fashion.
When Einstein wore them you thought they looked great... how strange!

Einstein's brain
Wow! Einstein's brain is actually even bigger than you imagined. Now
if you could only find out how to use this thing, and you might become
just as smart as him!
*use brain* - +3 int for boot

.