science,enter,u,3e,d,e,path,14e,17n,3e,nw

     x
     |
     x
      \
       x
       |
   x-x-x
   | | |
   x-1-x
   | | |
   x-x-x
        \
         x
          \
           E


1: enter
2: Misha the gunsmith


A hardened survivalist    7108
The woman before you is quite attractive despite the Uzi III she points
your direction.  Her camouflage pants are weighted down with plenty of ammo
in her pockets.  Her sweat soaked tank top only distracts you from the
muzzle of the machinegun momentarily.

Militant Environmentalist      7597
The man before you is gaunt, almost skeletal.  His eyes blaze with a
fanatical fire as they bore into you.  He wears loose fitting camouflage
pants, dusty black combat boots and a black t-shirt.  He also holds a
sawed off shotgun pointed right at you!

Desmond Trent   24081
Desmond Trent is the leader of this small band of outlaw environmentalists
who have made their home out here in the mountains.  He stands tall and
confident among them as he preaches against the giant megacorps which
wreak havoc on the land.

Trent's personal guard    14759
This man is incredibly huge!  Despite their purity of nature views, you
can't imagine anyone this big without serious chemical help.  He doesn't
look terribly friendly either.

A crazed environmentalist    7281
This man glares at you with an angry stare.  His fingers tense about the
trigger of his uzi as he turns to fill you with lead.  His black t-shirt
is drenched with sweat and his camouflaged pants are torn and tattered
from living in the mountains.

A crazed environmentalist    14274
The man's eyes burn into you with a fanatical light.  His muscles ripple
as he swings a nasty looking length of chain.  His black clothes make him
look like a security guard of some kind.  Perhaps he is?

Misha the gunsmith     21405
Misha wears a ragged pair of camouflage pants tucked into the tops of her
battered combat boots.  A black t-shirt is covered by her camo field
jacket.  Her brown eyes squint at you from beneath her tangled black hair.
She has an array of guns lying about, and you get the feeling that she
knows how to use them.






Tattered combat boots
These are standard issue synthetic leather combat boots.  They are
tattered and worn, scuffed and torn.  They've probably marched halfway
across the Appalacians.

Uzi III
This sleek looking machinegun is the great grandchild of the Isreali
Uzi.  It is a large heavy weapon with incredible performance and stopping
power.  It has integrated laser sights, a fold away composite stock and
built in silencer.  What a great piece of workmanship.

Uzi III A14
This combination of plastic and steel is a modified version of the
standard issue Uzi III.  It has a slighlty longer barrel than the standard
weapon, and has a vented muzzle rather than the integrated silencer of its
cousin.

An extended ammo clip
An ammunition clip, standard issue.
A digital counter on the side displays the number "75"

A worn camouflaged jacket
A standard military surplus camouflaged field jacket.  Its pockets
hang torn and tattered from too often stuffing cold hands in them, or
reaching for a spare ammo clip.  It still looks warm, but beyond that,
not overly stylish.

A sawed off shotgun
An angry looking combination of plastic and steel, this weapon looks truely
fearsome.  It's black matte finish and barrel magazine are the least of
its intimidating features.

A bayonette
A long sharp knife able to be fitted on the barrel of a gun.

A weighted length of chain
This length of chain is weighted at both ends by a small steel ball about the
size of your fist.  It appears it would be very deadly in the right hands.


.