eforest, e,5s,enter


         1
         |
       x-x
      /
     x   x     x
      \ / \   /
       x   x-x
      /    |
     E     x

1: room for 'Scout the Realms' mission for Westersea
   climb tree (up)


A singing faerie (hovering)     6629
Less than a foot in height, Jude could not hold out in a fight against
any of the larger races of the world, but he has learned to survive
through stealth, mischief and the bewitching power of his voice.  Like
all his kin, he glows with a faint light due to his highly magical
nature.  His delicate wings constantly flutter behind his back
creating a tiny breeze that caresses your bare skin.  His features are
soft and elfin, juxtaposing raw beauty with a cold distance that seems
impenetrable.  Where he flies, flowers blossom and shoots erupt from
the earth, this is truly a creature of nature.

A curious faerie child (buzzing)   1961
Alek the fae child is less than a half foot in height and flies
erratically as if he was still becoming accustomed to his wings.
Because of his small size, his wings buzz as he furiously flutters
them to maintain altitude.  Upon your approach he dashes behind a
nearby plant in the hopes that he isn't seen.

A talkative faerie (hovering)    4774
Rosalind looks to be more approachable than you would have initially
expected.  You've heard that fae are self absorbed or bent on trickery
but this faerie seems eager to meet new people and discover new
things.  Her dress is moss green and she wears a violet in the silky
auburn locks that flow gently over each shoulder.  Her pointed ears
and elfin beauty complements the gentle grace of her flight.  You
could sit entranced for hours watching her and presume that such a
fate may have befallen other hapless mortals before you.

A mischievous faerie (flying)    4781
Isolde is no more than eight inches in height and buzzes around you
curiously.  Faeries are known to find mankind intriguing and enjoy
playing tricks to see how they will react.  This fae seems less stern
than many of her male counterparts and a smile even breaks upon her
lips as she looks at you mischievously.  She wears a tiny dress of
brown and green that helps her blend in with her woodland home.  Her
wings are smaller than those of a male and contain small splashes of
colour that cascade over each other like a rainbow as she flies.  Like
all other faeries, flowers bloom at her touch and trees shudder with
joy at her passing.

A brooding faerie (fluttering)    7896
With a malevolent sneer on his lips, Spenser gives the impression of
cold cruelty.  He is no less beautiful than the rest of his kin, yet
he mars it with a dark brooding countenance.  Where other faeries seem
indifferent to the other races, this fae looks upon you with contempt
and superiority.  His wings have a slight shadow to them that you
haven't seen among any other faeries in the glade.  The flora of the
glade blossoms at his presence, but you notice that it is the willow
and ivy that reacts strongest.

A tiny fae princess (fluttering)   12073
Fickle as a butterfly and everchanging as the seasons, the faerie
princess is the guardian of nature and protector of the glade.  Seria
cares little for mankind, preferring the beauty and simplicity of
nature.  To be in her presence is an honor as the princess only
reveals herself when she wants to be found.  Her beauty outshines that
of all her people and rumours abound of travellers entranced by her
diminutive radiance.  Two sets of gossamer butterfly wings larger than
her body outline her dainty frame.  Blossoms bend toward her and
branches make way for her as she moves about her kingdom with a grace
and elegance unmatched throughout the realms.




The Faerie Princess' Crown
This silver crown is actually small enough to be worn as a bracelet.
It is inlaid with tiny emeralds that glow with an unknown power upon
each of the six points of the crown.  Each gem has a miniscule etching
of a different tree from the forest glade that the princess once
protected.  This precious item still retains some of the magical
properties of the princess herself, but what they might be remains a
mystery.



