eforest, 3e,8s,3w,6s,2w,2s,3d,3n,ne,d

Level 1:

     u-x-x-x-x 3 x-x-x
     |     | | | |   |
     x x-x-x x-x x-x x
     | | |     |     |
     x-x x-x-2 x-x x-x
       | | |     |   |
     x x-x x-x x-x-x-x
     | | | | |       |
     x-x x-x-x-x-x-x x
     |   | |   | |   |
     x 1 x x-x-x x-x-x
     | |   | | | |   |
     x-x-x-x x d x-x V
     |     | |     |
     x-x x-x x-x-x x x
     | | |     |   | |
     x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x
                   |
                 x-x-x
                 | | |
                 4 x x

1: Small White Dragon
2: Small Blue Dragon
3: Small Black Dragon
4: 
V: search corner, Vortex to Neutral Dragon Realms [Rastafan]


Level 2:


              x-x-x-P
              |   |
              x-x x
              |   |
              x x-x
              | | |
              x x x
              |   |
    x-x-x x-x x-x x
    | | |   |   | |
    u x x-x-x-x-x x
      | |   |     |
    1-x x-x x-x x x
              | | |
              x-x x
                | |
              x-x 2
              |
              x-x-x
              |   |
              x-d x

1: Red Dragon spawn location
2: Markings hanging on the wall
P: Portal to exit


Level 3:


     |
     1 x-x x-x
     | |   | |
     x-x x-x x
       | |   |
   u-x-x d-x x-x-x
   |       |   | |
   x x-x-x x x-x x
   |     |       |
   x-x-x x-x x-x-x
       |   | |
       x x-x x
       | |   |
       x-x-x-x

1: fe dar Shad [Ink]


level 4:



           x-x-x
           | | |
         x-x-x-x-x
         | |   | |
       1-x-x x-x u-x
         |     |   |
     x x-x x-x-x x-x-x
     | | | |   | |   |
   x-x-x-x-x x x-x x-x x
     |   |   |   | |   |
   x-x-x-x x-x-x x-x-x-x
     | |   |   |   | |
     x-x-x x 2 x-x-x x
       | | | | |   |
       x-x-x-x-x-x-x
         |
         x-x-x-x-x-x
           | | |
         d-x-x-x

1: Dusty Corner
2: The Abyss [Rastafan]
d: Mail of the Titans

Sneaky Thief     38170
An evil, evil thief.  Trying to steal all that you own.

Small White Dragon   19218
A large and vicious looking Dragon, but small as dragons go.

Small Blue Dragon     19253
A large and vicious looking Dragon, but small as dragons go.

Small Black Dragon    19290
A large and vicious looking Dragon, but small as dragons go.

Small Red Dragon   49254
An enormous Red dragon.  He towers over you like a Mountain of
hatred and pain.  Fiery tendrils escape his mouth and nostrils,
burning the very air.
On the scale of things, this is a pretty small dragon.
He looks battered and weakened like he was recently in a terrible battle...

Umber Hulk     29808
A large and vicious looking Umber Hulk, I wouldn't look
at him too long if I were you, you're liable to get confused.

Hell Hound     16451
A beast with a fiery breath and vicious teeth.  Perhaps it was
once a dog, but not anymore.

Two-Headed Troll     49765
A large and vicious looking Troll, with two heads.

Deformed Creature      60084
A malformation of evil and corruption has created this creature.

Large Beholder    14197
An enormous gruesome looking eye, with big teeth
and a bunch of little eyes connected to eye-stalks
on the top of its 'head'.

Whip Snake    25203
This is a long, thin snake.

Flailing Beast    17385
A terrible looking beast, with many arms and terrible teeth.

Brave Elven Warrior    23593
A brave elven warrior, down here cleaning up.

Demon Mite    20506
A demon mite, quite large for a mite, and rather vicious as parasites go.

Drow Prison Guard   291966
This slender, female guard is efficiently guarding her post.  She will
undoubtedly trounce up-and-down anyone that crosses her.

Shook Shirek   43573
A foul demon from the Abyss.  He is roughly humanoid in shape with
a crested Skull protrusion and wickedly sharp teeth.

Bandriggan Predator Demon    58922
A foul dragon/demon from the Abyss, with a fiery breath.

Gor Shirek     64502
A foul demon from the Abyss, much larger then the Shook.

Armed Demon     114034
This grotesque creature towers above you, staring down through two
glowing eyes.  Spikes line its appendages that barely qualify as arms
except that they end in a 3 taloned claw.  There are 5 of these
appendages, and each of them looks like it could tear through human
flesh with great ease and efficiency.

Armored Demon    72269
A vile demon from the depths of hell.

Bashnadderei    98655
This is the largest Gor Shirek demon you have ever seen.
He stands here in confidence of his authority.
Don't fight him, lest you do not value your limbs.

Drow Palace Guard    62237
This is a Palace Guard, she appears to be here to prevent people from
sneaking into the palace through the various traps and secret passages
that abound in such a place.

Arriana, Drow Princess    111141     
This is Arriana, one of the 4 drow Princesses.  She is the strongest of the
four and perhaps the greatest warrior in fe dar Shad (save the Queen).
She is dressed in ornate robes and a beautiful sapphire pendant hangs
from her neck.  The sapphire shines a radiant glow against the
obsidian background of her chest.

Eleari, Drow Princess      132666
This is Eleari, one of the 4 drow Princesses.  She is the wisest of the 4
and perhaps the greatest spell caster in fe dar Shad (save the Queen).
She is dressed in ornate robes and a beautiful golden locket hangs
from her neck.  The golden locket shines a radiant glow against the
obsidian background of her chest.

Oranin Kerar, Drow Princess     2091987
This is Oranin Kerar, one of the 4 drow Princesses.
She is perhaps the most beautiful creature in all of creation.  Even
the drow queen shows distaste for her most popular daughter.
She is dressed in shimmering silver lace, carefully sewn together with
golden bands of silk.  Adorning her wrists and neck are bands of pure
diamond, magically put in place as they each are cut from a single
diamond, without break nor clasp.  The diamonds shimmer with an obsidian
glow, reflections of the skin beneath.

Urys, Drow Princess      150516
This is Urys, one of the 4 drow Princesses.  She is the quickest of the 4
and perhaps the greatest thief in fe dar Shad (save the Queen).
She is dressed in ornate robes and a beautiful silver bracelet adorns
her right wrist.  The silver bracelet shines a radiant glow against the
obsidian background of her arm.

Strong Drow Warrior      38668
A very strong looking drow warrior, guarding something.

Drow Soldier       51786
A Drow Soldier guarding the area.

Drow Cleric      31973
A Drow Cleric, the local healer.

Demon Guard      32335
A towering Demon, helping to protect the area.

Big Ugly    878321
This enormous creature is so hideous that it's known only as the 'Big
Ugly' for it defies classification.  It stands at least 5 meters high,
covered in a wirey, black matted hair and sharp boney structures like
horns.  It has two enormous arms that stretch to the ground with
plenty of length to spare, and two short, stubby legs to support its
great bulk.  At the end of its unusual arms are 3 razor sharp claws
and 2 opposing, grasping fingers.  It has 3 eyes, 2 that appear to
face forward and one on the back of its head thus making this creature
unable to be surprised.  It has no neck that you can see, its head
just sorta attaches to its enormous torso.  A more hideous creature is
hard to find.

Ghost of a Titan     87292
This is an enormous ghost.  It appears to have once been a Titan.  But
what it's doing here, you don't know.

Vasyrach, Demon Spider       
This is possibly the largest spider you have ever seen.  It stands
fully 8 feet at the shoulder and has fangs that could skewer an
elephant.  It would likely be a painful death to attack this creature.
Close examination of this beast makes you feel it has intelligence
beyond that of even a typical magical creature, it 

sword spider      105274
This enormous spider has (of course) 8 legs, however these legs are
metallic and sharpened like 8 enormous swords.  Luckily for you it can
only attack with 4 of them at a time...  The rest of the spider is
black as night with course hairs covering the body.  Dozens of eyes
adorn the front of this spider's face and two huge fangs dominate the
rest.

Drow Magistrate (deadly)      426569
This is a drow Magistrate.  The most powerful of the spell casters
within the drow realms.  They are definitely not to be messed with.
She eyes you with steady confidence.

Branatharus, The Death Demon      290208
This man-sized creature has an elongated snout filled completely with
row upon row of deadly teeth.  Its two wire-thin, extra long arms end
in 4 talons each, with the talons easily 7 inches in length.  The body
of this creature looks like an emaciated humanoid, with the skin
stretched extra tight against several bones that jut forth from the
abdomen.  Two eyes sit upon the snout of this creature and glare
through you, judging your strength not by the items you carry or the
garb you wear, but by the power in your soul.

Fire Elemental    91498
A being native to the plane of Fire, why it is down here, you don't know.





Black Leather Armor
A suit of slick black leather armor.

White Dragon Tooth
This is the tooth from a White Dragon.

Blue Dragon Tooth
This is the tooth from a Blue Dragon.

Black Dragon Tooth
This is the tooth from a Black Dragon.

Red Dragon Tooth
This is the tooth from a Red Dragon.

Umber Hulk Eye
This is the eye of an Umber Hulk, it looks like it could be useful.
But right now it doesn't work, check back later.

Dirty Leather Armor
A suit of dirty brown leather armor.

Heavy Club
This is a very heavy and strong looking club.

Bone Whip
The spinal column of a very long and thin snake.

Demon Armor
A very strong looking Banded Mail armor, it feels evil.

Demon Sword (enchanted)
A spiked and heavy looking Bastard Sword, it feels evil.

Small Silver Pyramid
This is a small, shiny pyramid, apparently made out of silver.  A nice
little treasure with seemingly no magical properties.

Stiletto of Pain
A medium size, evil looking stiletto, it feels strangely heavy.

Magical Bastard Sword (enchanted)
This is an extremely well made, magical looking Bastard Sword.

Ring of Peace
A swirling blue, tranquil feeling ring.  Your mind feels clear
and unhindered under the influence of this ring.

Dark Black Ring
A dark black ring.

Dark Black Shield
A dark black shield.

Dark Black Armor
A suit of dark black armor, it almost seems to absorb the surrounding light.

Dark Black Boots
A pair of dark black boots, they almost seem to absorb the surrounding light.

Dark Black Gloves
A pair of dark black gloves, they almost seem to absorb the surrounding light.

Dark Black Helmet
A dark black helmet, it almost seems to absorb the surrounding light.

Dark Black Cloak
A dark black cloak, it almost seems to absorb the surrounding light.

Dark Black Amulet
This is a dark black amulet, it seems to absorb light and other
energies.  Perhaps it is a ward against magics?

Demon Hide Armor
This was once the skin of a grotesque and powerful creature.  It is
a deep, dark black, with the interior being a shiny, somewhat slimy
surface that sticks to your clothing and your skin.  The exterior
is diamond-hard and impervious to cuts and scrapes.  It seems a
suitable protective device, tho it almost radiates evil.

Demon Blade
A wicked looking blade that radiates evil and power.

Ring of the Sapphire Maiden
This small silver ring has inset a tiny sapphire in the shape of a
beautiful maiden.

Ornate Robe
A very ornate robe, decorated in dark colors and evil looking shapes.
There are designs of spiders all over it.
Waves of light flow in and around it.

Sapphire Pendant
This is the Sapphire Pendant worn by Arriana.
It has a mystical glow within it, perhaps you could find some use for it?

A golden statue
This statue is about eight inches tall.  Judging by the weight, it is
made of solid gold.  The statue depicts a spider-like being with a
woman's head.  Runes line the base, but they are in a language you don't
understand.  However, they suggest breaking chains and prisoners being
set free.

Grand Gauntlets
This supple leather gauntlets are plated in a gold alloy that flexes
and bends without damage.  They come up nearly to your elbow, hugging
your arm like a gentle cloth but are quite durable.  A powerful magic
protects these gauntlets as well, also providing the wearer with great
physical strength.  The light reflects brilliantly off the gauntlets.

Grand Boots
These boots are very comfortable; the soft leather provides excellent
cushion for your feet and the boots fit perfectly.  The leather is
coated in a gold alloy that bends and moves with the boots with no
resistance.  The magic in these boots not only protects them from
damage but also provides the wearer with great agility.

potion of extra healing
This is a Potion of Extra Healing, you drink it.

Golden Locket
This is the Golden Locket worn by Eleari.
It has a mystical glow within it, perhaps it is useful?

Dark Green Helmet
A dark green glowing helmet.  It is pulsing weakly.

Dark Green Cloak
A dark green glowing cloak.  It is pulsing weakly.

incredibly dense tome
This ancient tome is remarkably heavy for its size.  It is quite small
but weighs more than a set of full plate armour.  The pages are
covered with minute writing.

Diamond Bracelet
This is one of the diamond bracelets worn by Oranin Kerar.
It's very likely magical, unfortunately you cannot tell how to
wear it, as it has no clasp nor break from which to open it.

Silver Lace
This is the silver lace 'outfit' that Oranin Kerar wore.
It is sewn carefully together using golden silk, an as of yet
undiscovered fabric.  You muse on where such silk might originate...

Diamond Necklace
This is one of the diamond necklaces worn by Oranin Kerar.
It's very likely magical, unfortunately you cannot tell how to
wear it, as it has no clasp nor break from which to open it.

Adamant Dagger
A small, dark black, wicked looking dagger, it is made from the most
 magical substance in all the realms.

Adamant Platemail
A suit of platemail made from the most magical substance in the realms.
It is dark black and almost glows with power.

Silver Bracelet
This is the silver bracelet worn by Urys.
It shines exquisitely in the light.  In fact, it almost seems to
create its own light...

Light Blue Potion
This is a light blue, milky viscous potion.

Dark Blue Potion
This is a dark blue, milky viscous potion.

Staff of Curing (charges remaining: 6)
A shiny black staff with runes of power carved upon the shaft.
Perhaps a cleric could get some use out of it.  It appears to
have something written on it.

crystal blue stone
This little stone is almost perfectly round and quite spectacular.  It
is a dark blue stone with white and light blue highlights throughout.
It's smooth and shiny like glass, but much heavier.  It feels warm to
the touch and is likely magical.  You could try throwing this stone to
draw forth its effect.

Bag
A bag.
You can put things in it.

Maul of the Titans
The fabled Maul of the Titans, once able to destroy the most powerful
monster in a single strike, it appears to have lost most of its magic.
Perhaps it could still magically dig, like it once could.

spider sword
This is a long, metallic, sharpened spider's leg.  It and 7 others
just like it once belonged to an enormous sword spider.  This is a
formidable weapon, if you had 7 others and 8 arms.  Otherwise it's
just decent.

Demon Spider Carapace
This is an enormous carapace to a giant spider.  It has a shiny black
exterior and the interior is slimy and gross.  This carapace is so
large you could easily wear it around your body by just attaching a
bit of rope to the top of it.  This carapace stinks like mad though.

torn scroll
This is a small, bone colored scroll, slightly torn at the corner. It
contains a magical spell of some sort, or at least some form of
incomprehensible writing.  This scroll appears to be magically
enchanted, making it heavier than it would seem.

Wand of Fireballs
A wicked looking red wand, perhaps you could blast things with it.



1st is h
2nd is r
Green dragon is in Neutral Dragon Realms, up at entrance
4th is w
5th is c