Forest of Types [Pfunk]
Dirs: wforest, e,2s
37. Accipiter:



	After having learned much about the man/trees and their
	creator, it is apparent that there is much more to their
	phenomenon to understand.  This time, visit the man/birds
	in their titan sycamore, and seek Accipiter the mage/hawk,
	a wise and peaceful elder.  Greet him, mention your quest,
	and he will surely guide you through the process of
	acquiring more knowledge about the world of the Powers.

	You need not have solved the original Spire to solve
	this quest, though familiarity with it can only help.

	Note that this is a mission of peace.


Seek mainly in the Realm of Fantasy

Thinking : (5/10)          Exploring : (7/10)          Fighting : (0/10)

Quest Point Value  : 25        Designed for Levels: 5+              
Created by         : Pfunk and Wain  
Party Quest        : NO!       Once per Reboot    : No              


get letter from dying grus boy/crane south of spire. ('father, take note)
13e,3n from road portal
give note to grus (e,2s from wforest) then enter sycamore while he is distracted.
go west in sycamore to find accipiter, the Mage/Hawk

Note: different things can be asked for other than the moon tree branch.
Get croc's eye by going to rocks and then squeezing anguis
Get orange send by going to rocks and taking sand

---------------------------------------------------------Accipiter
Accipiter says: And good day to you too.  How may I be of help, visitor?
'quest
You say: quest
Accipiter nods and says: I see, you have come to explore the world of my
                         Powers...  What town are you from?

'pinnacle
Accipiter says: Aha! A citizen of old Cancer's ville...in our humble
                sycamore.

'cancer
Accipiter says: I have shared few words with him myself, though I know him
                to be a good man.

TOME 1:
There is no decipherable writing in this tome...it appears
to be some sort of ledger.

TOME 2:
The second tome contains diagrams, but nothing essentially
legible.

TOME 3:
Page 1:

     Third crescent -- fifth cycle -- second quarter

And so another tome is destroyed, its contents committed
to memory and thus made mine, and mine alone.  I begin this
current journal, my 255th since my fall from flight, with
a heavy heart.  My studies involving the third-sphere ratio
problems have met with uncertain results.  My other four power
resources provide the necessary elements to feed the red mystic
stream, but it remains insufficient as long as the third-sphere
sources remain almost hopelessly tangled.  'Dryllus returned
my query with similarly negative results, although he hastened
to include several expletives condemning my study, regardless
of his professional duties to aid me with the benefit of his
knowledge.  It is of no matter, as I was disgusted enough with
myself for having to enlist the resources of a former friend
to augment my shameful work.  My mind remains exhausted from
incantations, though still I am tireless in my quest.

Page 2:
     Fifth crescent -- tenth cycle -- second quarter

The red stream, the intransigent crux of my otherwise hopeful
schemes, remains insufficiently fed.  The third-sphere ratios
utterly refuse to reveal their secrets to me, as I remain vexed
at the origins of the tangles within this sphere.  Why is it
that all other spheres I have sought to control have yielded
almost instant power, all of it focused before it even met
my mind as though seemingly suited expressly for my purposes,
yet this one sphere reveals nothing to me but fog, haze and
an otherwise imperturbable matrix of hopeless energy.  I begin
to wonder if I am part of a scheme by the Power, keeping me
landbound, ostracized, belittled...yet perhaps I should be
penitent, for it could be I have been afforded a crucial role
in our development as a new people.  Even were this the case, I
am unsure of whether or not I would be willing to forego my 
mission for the sake of the others...I refuse to exist for the
sake of anyone but my own person.  Indeed, I fumed today for
several hours again, cursing the mentality of our species.  It
has never seemed to me that existing as a group identity would
ever entail a prolonged life.  But this concern has grown
tiresome...will I be [indecipherable] for this cause for as
long as I am alive?  Or, as I wonder eternal, will I never 
reconcile my fate of flightlessness, this cruel fate imparted
upon me because of my supposed obstinance?

Page 3:
     Seventh full -- tenth cycle -- second quarter

I almost wish that my exhaustive frustration would eventually
turn to apathy, as my daily rage is hampering my studies.  The
red mystic stream, that dogmatic field of nature which eludes me
always, is still unfocused, and unrelenting in its stubborn
unwillingness to reveal its power to me.  The third-sphere ratio,
which is the deepest level of problematic contradiction I have
been able to reduce the errors to, is as elusive to me as my
first incantations.  Similarly, I am made to feel senile and
ineffectual, as I am stuck on the most rudimentary of mystic
aspects, that is, clearing the path for even the coarse power
to present itself for my redirection.  I have come so far, and
accomplished so much more...well, let the frustration rest for
now.  I have lived for over a century without flight -- I can
endure a century more, should that be what it takes to leave this
infernal embarrassment of land-dwelling.

Page 4:
     Third gibbous waning -- second cycle -- third quarter

     My health has taken an adverse turn.  My wings have begun 
to atrophy beyond the point of neural sensitivity.  When I attempt
to exercise them, I find their movements erratic and imprecise.
I can sustain them with magics no longer, as they are saturated
already with augmentation, and so I do not know what else I can
do to preserve their functionality until I can somehow resolve
the problems with my studies.  This has cast a pall over my mental
state -- I was hardly content with my mystic futility when I felt
that I had centuries to complete my work, and now that these
centuries have been reduced to mere months, I trod ever helpless
towards utter worthlessness.  I begin to finally, after long, long
last, accept the notion of invalidity.  Eternally landbound, this
seems my reward, as I no longer doubt that the Power has cursed
me.

Page 5:
     Third full -- seventh cycle -- third quarter

I have the premonition that I will soon be visited by a
curious adventurer...


Accipiter says: ...and here you are.


'tome
Accipiter says: I have little to hide from you dear friend, my tomes
                relate nothing contemptible nor dark. I fear you will
                understand little, but how else is knowledge gained but
                for encountering the incomprehensible?


'trees
Accipiter says: I cannot help but find beauty in the majesty of trees. 
                They are the kings of the forest, majestic and more than
                grand.  My admiration has indeed been my undoing.

'undoing
Accipiter grins bitterly and says: I am without flight.

'flight
Accipiter, with bravery, says: I have been flightless for almost 120
                               years.  But they be fruitful years indeed,
                               for even as I am landbound, my study of
                               magic has been fulfilling.
'magic
Accipiter says: You speak with such a cautious tone, marvelling
                adventurer!  No need, no need...I study only the magics of
                nature; my intentions are only to learn, and...and perhaps
                a personal project or two...

'project
Accipiter says: True, I have devoted some careful study towards a
                personal...endeavor...though I've found little success
                thus far.

'endeavor
Accipiter says: I dare not speak of it out loud, talky explorer!  Our
                fellow inhabitants have sensitive tympanums, lest they
                discern our conversation I would be yet more scorned than
                now!  Peruse my tomes if you wish more than I have told...

'inhabitants
Accipiter says: Yea, *squawk*, I was once a heralded leader of our vaunted
                man/birds.  'Ere I fell from flight, I saw my stature fall
                as well.

'stature
Accipiter says: The man/birds exist in a communal society, thankfully
                bereft of an alpha male or equivalent.  But still,
                positions of great respect and dignity evolve on
                occasion...such was my standing, until a century and a
                score ago.

You say: respect
Accipiter says: I am moved by your interest, dear visitor, yet I must
                insist you probe no further.  As you might imagine, the
                loss of one's loved one, be it to the confines of death or
                to the white silence of dissolution, is not an easy cross
                to bear.  I remain a soul in solitude, and I use my time
                to great advantage, but...but it would be nice just once
                to...perhaps see him...*squawk* please leave the issue be!

'sycamore
You say: sycamore
Accipiter says: Well, if you've come to learn about our Power's world, you
                have surely ventured accurately.  Yes, I can help you
                learn about their Odyssey...

'odyssey
Accipiter says: So you are coming to me without much prior knowledge, this
                I see.  It is no matter, I...ahh bugger, could you do an
                old bird a favor, and help me stretch my wing?

help accipiter
You help the old hawk stretch his left wing.
Accipiter says: Ahh yes, that's it, much obliged...

Accipiter says: You are a good soul...I will indeed help you in your quest
                for knowledge.  But before we embark upon this new
                learning, will you carry out just a small chore for me?

'yes
Accipiter says: Ahh, good, good...you are most kind.  There is a special
                forest south of the mainland, the Forest of Types.  If
                only you'd be so kind as to retrieve for me a branch of
                the Moon Tree, and some Argent Resin.

Accipiter continues: It is a trifling request almost... both are easily
                     enough obtained. And I will ensure that the forest
                     will aid you.

Accipiter says: I need both items for a broth I am cooking.  When you
                return with them, we can both sit and enjoy the warm soup,
                and I'll tell you all you wish to know about the world of
                the creators.

Accipiter says: Oh, and concern yourself not with the crane who guards my
                home... he will pay you no heed.

'resin
Accipiter says: Argent Resin is extracted from the branches of the silver
                tree.  It is valued as a powerful reagent by some
                alchemists, but I use it for its rich flavoring and
                thickening properties in my soups.

'moon tree
Accipiter says: One of the amazing trees of the Forest of Types.  It is
                not possible for me to bring justice to their magnificence
                with mere words.  You will have to experience them for
                yourself.

'types
Accipiter says: The Forest of Types is an enchanting island to the south,
                and a fairly new addition to our realms.  Its origins have
                a tale about them...

'tale
Accipiter says: Several centuries past, back when the realms were lush,
                untorn by the new beasts called into our lands whilst
                their summoners waged a bitter, pointless struggle, our
                kind was born.

Accipiter says: As it was told to our first generation, and as it has been
                passed down through our myths and blood, our own war would
                be with the man/trees of the north.  And yea, for
                centuries we did war with the trees, as it continues today
                thus.

Accipiter says: However, once a young hawk named Accipiter came of age, he
                decided that blood need not be spilt any longer, that our
                claws need not sunder bark, nor our beaks pierce the dry
                flesh of wood any more.

Accipiter says: This young hawk was the first to voice such a thought, and
                he was received thus with indifference at first.  However,
                he soon gained renown for his scholarship, and attained
                high rank among his kind despite his radical anti-war
                beliefs.

Accipiter says: And one day, this enterprising hawk embarked upon a
                certain project...he flew to an island south of Wayhaven;
                a desolate though fertile isle, and spent the greater part
                of the next forty years planting a magical forest ripe
                with all species of trees.

Accipiter says: When my creation was complete, I offered it to the
                man/trees as a gesture of peace, as a message that at
                least one man/bird remains averse to the violence of years
                past.

Accipiter says: And yea, once our Power gained word of my offering, I
                found myself here, on the cold ground, remanded to a fate
                of flightless impotency.  A bittersweet tale, yea.


'extract
Accipiter says: You'd generally have to break a branch open to extract its
                essence.

'branch
Accipiter says: Yes, trees have branches.  Some of them even contain
                substances with important properties, but most are just...
                branches.  You'd generally have to break a branch open to
                extract its essence, however.

'essence
Accipiter says: The properties of a tree's essence vary greatly from
                species to species.  The trees of the Forest of Types
                contain a great many useful substances.  Some have
                medicinal purposes, some culinary; others have importance
                to other trades.  I'll leave it up to you, intrepid
                adventurer, to discover that for yourself.  If you have a
                true need, the tree will meet your request, however.

'serpent
Accipiter says: And which serpent would this be?

'anguis
Accipiter squawks: Anguis!  Well I'll be, heh heh...it's certainly been a
                   long time since I heard _that_ foul reptile's moniker. 
                   I wonder, whatever could your business be with him...?

'eye
Accipiter furrows his feathery brow: Eye?  Surely I know nothing about
                                     that, friend...

'cocodryllus
Accipiter says bitterly: He was once a fond friend of mine, a 'soulmate'
                         as you might term it.  It is a cruel fate indeed,
                         that my fall to flightlessness and subsequent
                         scholarship in magics caused him to turn away
                         from our friendship.  He is a disbeliever in the
                         ethics of sorcery, you see, er...I believe he
                         finds my interests unsettling, to some degree. 
                         It is a reasonable enough concern on his
                         part...he is a sincere, honest sort, the sort I
                         respect deeply.  It is true that I miss him
                         dearly sometimes.

'crocodile
Accipiter squawks: You've come across the crocs then?  You are on the
                   right path!

give moon branch to accipiter
Accipiter says: Aha, yes!  This is what I was looking for.  And did you
                not have luck finding the Argent Resin?

give resin to accipiter
Accipiter says: Wonderful, wonderful, now I have both the branch and the
                argent resin, this is all I need to complete my
                anticipated broth, now let's...err, um...oh, bother!  I've
                just realized that I have another small problem to solve
                before I can finish cooking my broth...are you willing,
                yet again, to aid me?

'aid
Accipiter says: The special stoking I use for my kettle can only be
                extinguished with orange sand, and I've run through my
                supply already it seems!  Would you be so frightfully
                helpful as to fetch me some? 
Accipiter says: I'm sure you've come across some in your recent travels...
                when you return I will finish my broth and you and I,
                friend, we will sip our soup and speak of grander things,
                eh?

give sand to accipiter
Accipiter says: Ahh, yes, it was kind of you to aid me yet again.  I feel
                that I have taken advantage of your generosity...

Accipiter says: Well, I'll be...you've managed to help me yet again, young
                explorer!  Now, I can get to cooking up this soup for us,
                and helping you find out more about our Powers.  *Squawk*
                say, would you help out an old bird and scratch my neck? I
                think I have a moisture rash but I can't seem to reach
                that part of my neck...I would consider it a warm favor...
 
scratch neck

You lean over and gently scratch the bird on its neck...

Accipiter says: Well, I must say, you have been too kind to this aging
                featherbag.  I'm almost embarrassed!

Accipiter says: Well, nevertheless leave me be, for now at least.  I will
                cook the broth presently, but as it is a sacred family
                recipe, I am somewhat picky and finicky about folks
                watching as I prepare it.

Accipiter says: Simply come back a short while later, and mention the
                broth, and I'll let you know how things are brewing!  But
                mind your patience -- disturb me thrice before the broth
                is ready, and I'll serve none at all! Now be off, kind
                Pinnacle breed!
(get kicked out into main room of sycamore)

(gave it about 1/2 an hour then came back.)
'broth
Accipiter gives you a wry look.


Accipiter speaks sternly: Yes, the broth is ready, Player.  But it is
                          only you who shall partake.

Accipiter hands you a short white staff.

Accipiter says: This is the broth I have prepared, though as you can see,
                it is no broth.  Rather, it is a powerful artifact which
                will grant you audience with our Power.

Accipiter says: You have proven your worth to me through your unwavering
                willingness to help me with my troubles.  You have proven
                your patience by leaving me be as long as I so desired. 
                And you have made an old bird very happy, as I had long
                since resolved that no such benevolent soul existed in the
                realms in these, these dark days when guilds send their
                members out on crass missions of slaughter...

Accipiter says: The Odyssey of the Powers is a tale of a nature, seemingly
                nonsensical to most mortals.  It is impossible to
                understand for those not directly involved.  But I leave
                it to the discretion of our Power to grant you the
                knowledge you seek. Take and use the artifact -- it will
                warm to your soul before long, and take you to our Power. 
                Thus is my task completed.  I have nothing left to tell
                you.  The rest is up to you, Player!  'Ere this be the
                last time we meet, farewell, farewell proud Notadragon, I
                hope you learn much that is hidden.

You feel a sudden dizziness and your surroundings change!

(get kicked out into main room of sycamore)

'artifact
Accipiter says: It is important that I leave the rest up to you,
                Player.  I shall say no more.



---------------------------------------------------------Cocodryllus
'hi
Cocodryllus says: Truly I am in no mood for pedestrian chat, adventurer. 
                  Begone, yea?
'mood
Cocodryllus growls: If ye know not why, ye must be daft!

'tree
Cocodryllus says: It brings me peace to surround myself in the physical,
                  and metaphysical beauty of these mottled oaks and pines.
You say: moon tree
Cocodryllus's right eye flashes.
Cocodryllus says: It be the Moon Tree ye seek?  True, ye be close, as it
                  lie just beyond this creek.  But to visit our fair
                  Mother, I'm afraid, is quite out of the question.  You
                  see, since with only one eye I cannot tell friend from
                  foe, alas you may not pass.

'eye
Cocodryllus growls: My eye was snatched by the wicked serpent, Anguis.

'anguis
Cocodryllus says: Ah, we have a long history of enmity, he and I.  He is
                  but a wee snake, ye see...but he caught me unawares last
                  night, and plucked my eye from my brainpan.

Cocodryllus says: He slithered off before I could lay chase.  He is
                  probably back in his rocky refuge by now.

Cocodryllus says: I wonder how he even made it to this isle.  Perhaps he
                  stowed away in some adventurer's boat.

Cocodryllus says: I wonder how he even made it to this isle.  Perhaps he
                  stowed away in some adventurer's boat.

'refuge
Cocodryllus snarls: The piteous beast finds home in brief rock
                    settlements, and prefers unbearably hot, dry
                    conditions.  Indeed, he is not a native of this
                    island.

'argent resin
Cocodryllus drones: I have heard of people extracting that from the silver
                    tree.  I pay little attention to such activities,
                    however.


'accipiter
Cocodryllus states: That stubborn old pigeon... still cooped up in that
                    sycamore, is he?
'sycamore
Cocodryllus says: Aye, I was once a friend of the denizens of the titan
                  tree...Accipiter was as close a companion as one could
                  want.  But 'ere he lost his flight, and took to magics,
                  I found his company vile.  

Cocodryllus says: Foul magics aside, he be a friendly, eccentric mage,
                  though our relationship now be indifferent.

'indifferent
Cocodryllus says: Aye, perhaps not as indifferent as I would suggest.
                  *growl* Proud adventurer, tap not my emotions any
                  further, lest your hubris and free speaking be the gore
                  of you...

give eye to cocodryllus
Ok.
Cocodryllus takes the eye with his scaley hamfist...
Cocodryllus says: Well I'll be! You've gone and rescued my sight from the
                  withered serpent himself!  Praise be to you, fine,
                  worthy adventurer...
Cocodryllus pops his eye back into place...
Cocodryllus says: E'en before I cast my truest gaze upon thee, by thy acts
                  alone I know thy character to be true indeed.  This I
                  need not sight to see.  You are welcome here.






------------------------------------------------------------Forest of types
1 entrance/ferry
	la post 6, read message
		The inscription reads:

			Let us rise above our past, follow our minds over
			our hearts, and live with meaning.  May the trees
			and the birds find the strength to resist their
			origins.  Thus this forest is dedicated.
2 amber tree
3 brink of an inlet
4 silver tree
	'branch
		The tree graciously lets a branch fall to the ground.
	break branch
		With some difficulty, you snap the branch in half.  A silvery
		resin oozes out and congeals upon the ground!
5 moss-covered boulder
6 purple, three-legged rodent                                                                     
7 Iron tree
8 Mica tree
9 magma tree
10 Vulca Tree (dark)
11 water tree
12 Kenyu Tree
13 crawl through undergrowth
14 Cocodryllus
15 Moon tree
	'branch
		The tree graciously lets a branch fall to the ground.

                                                                                                  
      15                                                                                            
      |                                                                                           
      |                                                                                           
      14                                                                                          
       \                                                                                          
        .                                                                                         
         13-12 3--*--*                                                                            
        /| /    \ |  |                                                                            
       / |/      \|  |                                                                            
      *--11       4--*                                                                            
       \ |       /|  |\                                                                           
        \|      / |  | \                                                                          
         *     3--6--5--2                                                                         
          \   /    \ |\ |                                                                         
           \ /      \| \|                                                                         
            *  6     7--*                                                                         
               |\   /| /                                                                          
               | \ / |/                                                                           
               *--*--*     1                                                                       
               |\ |  |\   /|                                                                       
               | \|  | \ / |                                                                       
               *--8--5--*--*                                                                         
               | /    \ |  |                                                                       
               |/      \|  |                                                                       
               9        *--10                                                                     
                                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
---------------------------------------------------Settlement of Rocks
random in desert, search rocks
Anguis is there

'hi
Anguis says: Bah *hisss* why darest thou intrude?

'eye
Anguis says: Indeed, I snared the croc's eye for a snack, I did! And I'll
             never give it back, even if you tried squeezing it out of me.
             Brash adventurer, leave me be!

'croc
Anguis says: And what of this loathsome lizard, adventurer?

'accipiter
Anguis says: *hiss* Bah, he is but a foolish old wren!
                                                                                                  
squeeze anguis
You lunge forward with great tenacity, and grasp Anguis about his
neck and midriff!

You throttle the poor snake, as he hisses and squeals
like a wounded child!

You give one last squeeze, and at last, the choking serpent 
coughs up his bounty, a giant eyeball!


You toss the snake down to the ground.

Anguis screeches and disappears through a tiny hole in the dirt.

-----------------------------------------------------------Artifact
la artifact

A branch of wood as white as purest ivory, this short staff is decorated and
inscribed with designs formed by orange sand and argent resin.  The origin of
these strange and serpentine images is truly not of the present realm.  It
appears to be more an object of divinity, than a weapon for combat.

This weapon is in excellent condition.

la designs
The images on the staff appear to be totally disordered at first.  As
you gaze closer, you begin to see patterns emerge from the chaos. 
Suddenly, as if your mind and eyes are focusing in unison for the first
time, the majesty of the overall design becomes clear.  You are
awestricken by the power bound up in this staff and fear what might
happen if the pattern was traced and the power unleashed.

trace pattern
As you trace the pattern on the staff, bright sparks of
white light dance around in your wake.  Surges of energy
course through your body; almost more than you can bear!

You almost give up in agony, when suddenly, you finish.

The staff is definitely warmer, but there don't seem to
have been any apocalyptic, or even interesting, results.

You look around, half in disappointment, half in anticipation.


The quarterstaff warms to your grasp.
The quarterstaff warms to your grasp.
The quarterstaff warms to your grasp.
The quarterstaff warms to your grasp.
The quarterstaff warms to your grasp.

The staff abruptly turns cold!

The hoary, freezing sensation becomes almost unbearable --
it feels more blistering than the breath of a red dragon,
yet you are unable to loosen your grip!

The artifact suddenly bursts into flame, an icy white 
conflagration which envelops your hand, and soon your
entire arm!

The silver blaze consumes your shoulder, your torso...unable
even to think, you watch with awe and dread as your entire body
is soon indistinguishable from the flame itself!

A deafening clap of energy resounds forth from within your body!



Another burst of searing sound, as though a barrier were
being razed!  

Three more blasts of deafening proportions, in quick succession!

You can see nothing around you except a light beyond that of the sun!

...then, silence...the deepest depths of silence, a state
beyond peace...

...at the center of your vision, barely outlined by a soft aura of
white light, you see a shape...you cannot discern whether the
image exists in space before you, or in your very mind...

As you gaze at the figure, you find yourself thinking the 
following words:

'I must move to the center of my world...'

'...once there, I must look up, towards the sky...'

'...at that time, I will begin to understand.'

The image fades, and as the light surrounding it dies down,
you sense that the moment has ended...

The artifact, once burned into your hand, has disappeared.

Sight returns to your eyes, darkness becomes light again.

You turn your gaze skyward, and fix your eyes upon the world above...

...the multicolored sky appears as it always does, but gradually...

...shapes in the sky begin to become apparent to you...the pompous
clouds gently round their edges and project sinews of mist in the
vague suggestion of...faces!

...and these faces, these half-realities that seem to exist partly
in your very mind, begin to assume the countenances of men...

...shifting your gaze about, you notice that the entire sky, the
limitless expanse a horizon around, is alive with these faces,
expressions of the very essence of peace...

...a slim, blue face floats in front of a wide, indigo face, both
smiling upon you as though you were an honored visitor to their
reality...

...seemingly swimming in the molasses of the infinite space, these 
benevolent profiles collectively close their eyes towards you,
and you feel a slight shiver budding from inside your heart...

...you glance down in a momentary response towards the subtle
pain in your chest -- it is both a pain of envy and of bliss...

...as you quickly raise your eyes back up to the skies, still
cowering slightly over your heart, you see that the faces have
gone, slipped back into the hilts and scabbards of the clouds 
and constellations...

...you are left with the vague knowledge that there exists a
dimension of life far above this one, where thoughts pass as
though silent lightning through the clouds, and where a bliss
may be found amongst the brash spirits of the wind and rain.
