chaos,2s,w,contort self, enter rock


      x
      |
      x
      |
      1
      |
      x
      |
    x-x-E
      |
      x
      |
      x
      |
      2

1: fly north
2: touch arch (exit)

Mokey Fraggle    356
This is Mokey Fraggle, one of the more mature Fraggles that you will
ever meet.  Mokey has green hair and a grey complexion.  She enjoys
writing poetry and painting pictures.  If you ask her nicely, she might
share some of her work with you.

Gobo Fraggle    3025
Gobo Fraggle is one of the many cute Fraggles that wander the caverns
of Fraggle Rock.  Gobo actually wanders a lot more than most Fraggles--
he considers himself to be quite an explorer and is in the process of
mapping all of the areas of Fraggle Rock that he has visited in the past.
Gobo has an orage complexion and purple hair that appears to be made of
yarn.

Red Fraggle    355
This is Red Fraggle, one of the adorable creatures that wanders the halls
of Fraggle Rock making it a generally happy place.  Red has a nice orange
complexion and bright red hair that she splits into ponytails.  Generally,
Red is singing or playing a game of some sort.

Wembly Fraggle     405
Wembly Fraggle has bright yellow hair to complement his yellow complexion
and always looks like he is having but he also seems to be on the verge of
inviting you to join in all of the fun that he is having.

The Oldest Fraggle In the World      15435

Boober Fraggle    422
Boober Fraggle is one of the few Fraggles in the entire world that
doesn't seem to be having a good time.  Not only does he not sing
songs or play games constantly, but he seems to be a bit reclusive.
Boober has red hair that he covers up with a nice cap.

Avalanche Monster    49486
This is the terrible Avalanche Monster, the guardian of Wonder Mountain.
The Avalanche Monster looks like a huge pile of stones that somehow
manages to walk around.




A map of Fraggle Rock
This is a map that Gobo Fraggle has been creating to show all the
places that he has visited within Fraggle Rock.  It has various
stains and is rather crumpled, but if you were to read it, you would
probably be able to find your way around a bit better.

Boober's Cap
This is a simple cap that used to belong to Boober Fraggle.  It
looks like it would provide some protection for your head, but
not much!

The Aurora Fragglialis
This is the Aurora Fragglialis, plucked out of the sky by Raest.
It appears to be a huge cloth, shimmering with bright colors
and dazzling hues.  Your head spins trying to comprehend how the
complex patterns can exist in the small package you cradle in your
arms.

A big stick
This is a rather large stick.  It doesn't really look all that interesting.
You could probably use it to beat on other objects, but it certainly
wouldn't make a very good weapon.



