chaos,3e,s,2,ne,4n,enter


    x-x x-x x
    | | | | |
    x x x x x
    | | | | |
    x x x x x
    | | | | |
    x x x x x
    | | | | |
    x x-x x-x
    |
    E




Angry Apple   8614
A large Red Delicious apple.  In fact, too large!  The apple's
skin has turned from a beautiful deep red to a mushy gray
color.  The yellow flesh inside has turned mealy and dry.
Typically, the Red Delicious is sweet and juicy, but the months
of neglect have left it bitter and bruised.

Outrageous Orange     6635
The thin-rind Valencia orange has grown to three times the
normal size.  The rind is green with mold and what few seeds it
had have dried up.  The once juicy and vibrant orange is
nothing more than a giant ball of pulpy mush.

Perilous Pear   8511
An oversized Bartlett Pear lies on the ground.  The stem is
covered with maggots and oozes a sickly white pus.  The
yellow-green skin is cracked and browning.  A horde of small
black bugs feed on the juice that leaks from the cracks.

Callous Cherry    11995
A giant Bing cherry has fallen from a tree.  The long green
stem is slowly deteriorating and the cherry is showing signs of
brown rot and bacterial canker from months of neglect.  A group
of small beetles are burrowing into the cherry, trying to suck
out what tart juice is left.

Wacky Watermelon    26049
A thick-rind, over-sized watermelon lies in a pile of rotting
vines.  The outer skin is nearly white from sitting in the sun
so long.  One of the ends has been eaten away by bugs and
birds.  Pale red flesh and black seeds ooze out from the
exposed hole.

Crafty Cantaloupe    8590
A large cantaloupe that has split open lies on the ground.  The
orange flesh is mushy and covered with ants.  The rind is hard
and cracked.  The seeds have virtually dried up from lack of
water and overexposure in the sun.

Silly Strawberry     12230
Diseased strawberries cover the ground.  Each strawberry has
been virtually stripped of its 200 seeds.  The leafy tops have
been scavenged by the smallest of bugs.  The strawberry is
black with mold.

Goofy Grapes    15623
A bunch of green seedless grapes roll back and forth on the
ground desperately searching for water.  Most of the bunch is
now brown and rotting. Fuzzy, white mold covers the stems and
small green worms slime their way across the bunch.

Frenzied Farmer's Wife   25830
Like her lesser half, the farmer's wife has spent too many days
smoking that crazy fertilizer.  Her once beautiful blonde hair
has turned nearly white from years in the sun.  Her skin is
like old leather, extremely tough and deeply tanned.  Her eyes
have changed from a beautiful emerald green to a dull hazel.
Her oversized blue muumuu stretches across her ample bosom.
She is wearing worn tan sandals on her slightly deformed feet.



Wacky Watermelon Helmet
A piece of the wacky watermelon broke off.  It is large enough
to wear as a helmet.

Random ring
.