chaos, 2e,3n

        x x x-1 4  -x-x-x-
               \|
            2-x-x
               /|
              / x
             /  | 
            /   x
           /    |
          x-x-3 E


1: Family Fued / $10,000 Pyramid
2: Wheel of Fortune
j o h n e y   t h e   l i t t l e   b o y
  TOPIC: MONSTERS OF THE 3 KINGDOMS
3: Jeopardy
  This game show host was once a weatherman for KNBC-TV in Los Angeles. - pat sajak
 This man was one of the many announcers for the $10,000 Pyramid. - bob clayton
This was the last year that Family Feud was aired on ABC before CBS took
it up with Ray Combs as their new host.  1985
Model Janice Pennington can be seen in many re-runs of this popular game
show. - the price is right
4: The Price is Right
   kill contestant, join line, bid 450, e, kill holly, get all
   place blue tag on box,place green tag on can,place red tag on package


Ray Combs   403
This is Ray Combs.  People on TV always think he is soooo hilarious, but
you are less than impressed.  He has on a suit from Sears and a flower
in his chest pocket.

Richard Dawson   2073
It's that egomaniac Richard Dawson, Family Feud's original host!  He
left the show back in 1985 when ABC cancelled it then brought him back
in 1994 on CBS after Ray Combs had a serious accident.  He is back as
the guest host for the bonus round, because some TV exec felt sorry for
the guy.

A Contestant  80
This woman is dressed in a plain dress and high heels. She has a bad
80's haircut, and looks like a contestant on the $10,000 Pyramid. She
must be the one who is waiting to go to the final part of the show.
Maybe if you killed her, you could go on in her place.

A Contestant   80
This woman is dressed in a plain dress and high heels. She has a bad
80's haircut, and looks like a contestant waiting for The Price is
Right. She must be the one who is waiting to go to the final part of the
show. Maybe if you killed her, you could go on in her place.

Vanna White   400
Vanna is dressed in a long white sequined gown.  It has a long slit up
the back and you feel like barking at the moon.

Pat Sajak  1429
Pat has his hair neatly combed and all in place.  He has a little smirk
on his face, which makes you wonder what he has been doing with Vanna
these days...

The Audience   92
Here is the most educated game show audience on earth. You hate them.

Alex Trebek   786
Here is Alex, looking very intelligent, as usual.

Rod Roddy   2747
This guy is dressed in a hideous sequined suit. It is striped like the
American flag and he has on a blue starred tie.  All this makes you want
to gag.

Janice   92
Janice Pennington has long blonde hair and a perma-smile.  She is
dressed in a yellow skimp jumper, showing off a lot of leg.  You think
how great she looks considering she is probably around 40 years old.

Holly   92
Holly is wearing a cute tight jumpsuit. She looks perky even though
she's a brunette and knows better. She's here to help you play the game,
though she doesn't seem to anxious to give up the tags that you need to
play the game. Some force might be necessary.

Diane
Diane looks quite attractive in her tight little jumpsuit. She is
careful to gently caress each item in the showcase while Rod Roddy
explains what they are.

Bob Barker   1229
Bob, the king of game shows, himself, stands here supervising the great
giant wheel spinning ceremony that happens every show.  He looks very
old, but he is as witty as ever.  You are so excited, you feel like
giving him a huge KISS.

A Contestant   339
This woman's been standing here for a full five minutes already, You
wonder if she plans to spin the giant wheel before she turns old and
gray.  You wish she'd hurry up or you're sure that your luck will turn
sour.

Your Mother   183
Here is your mom, smiling prettily for the cameras.

Your Father   183
Here is your dad, all decked out in a tie for the show.

Your Sister   183
Here is your sister, dressed all pretty for the show.
She thinks she is so smart.

Your Niece   163
Here is your niece, with her hair fixed all nice for the show.




A Long, Thin Microphone
This microphone could kill someone.  It is long and thin and you think
it might be a phallic symbol.

Red Price Tag
It's a little red card with $2.49 printed on it in black.  The object of
the game is to <place> the tag with the appropriate price on one of the
products in the Switcheroo game.

Blue Price Tag
It's a little blue card with $0.69 printed on it in black.  The object
of the game is to <place> the tag with the appropriate price on one of
the products in the Switcheroo game.

Green Price Tag
It's a little green card with $1.29 printed on it in black.  The object
of the game is to <place> the tag with the appropriate price on one of
the products in the Switcheroo game.

The Grand Gameshow Prize
It's the grand prize you won for solving the gameshow.  Actually it's no
more than a shiny gold toothpick, but hey, you might be able to use it
for something.

Ray Combs's Toupee
You have always suspected, but were never until now sure, that Ray had
fake hair.  It is so hardened with hair spray that a bullet probably
could not get through it.

A Pinky Ring
You never noticed Pat Sajak wore a pinky ring before, but this one is a
beauty.  It has a small green stone in the middle and has all the
letters of the alphabet etched around the outside.

White gown
This is a beautiful, tight fitting gown with sparkly sequins. When Vanna
White wore it, she was protected from many things. It would probably do
you some good as well.

Tacky Jacket
This is Rod Roddy's tacky jacket.  It looks like a sequined American
flag.

Flamboyant Tie
This is Rod Roddy's UGLY tie.  It is sequined and blue with stars on it,
as if it were a piece of an American flag.

Golf Club
This is THE golf club.  With this you can win yourself a brand new
Buick!!!!! Why don't you try 'putt'ing?

