GenCorps [Pistil]
Dirs: Science, u, 3e, d, e, path, 12n, road

Level 1:

         x-x-3
         |
   2-x-x x
       | |
       x-x-x-x-x-x-x
           |     | |
           x     1-x
           |
           x
           |
         x-x-x
         | | |
         x-x-x 
           |
           R

1: GenCorps Sergeant.
   exa desk, exa papers, straighten papers
   You straighten up the papers, and upon moving the papers around you
   notice that something is scratched into the surface of the desk.
   It appears to be the numbers '1,2,6,7,1'.
2: Heavy Barrel at boot
3: Push Button to get to next level

Level 2:

      x-3
      |  
      x 2-1-D
      |   |
      x-x-x
        |
        x


1: Insert Passcard
2: Strike Team Battle Master
3: Push button to go back to level 1

Basement:

         x
          \
           1-U
          /
         2

1: Frost, Burn and Vitality
2: Battle Glove and Multicomponent pieces
U: Stairs up and control panel to punch in the # you found at the Gencorps Sergeant.

Monsters:

31805 : M516 Patroller

This is a large robot that has triangular tank treads to
give it movement. It has large red electronic eyes and large
round objects where it should have hands. It is made out of a shiny
silver like metal and has the emblem of GenCorps on it.


15284 : Compound Guard

This is a large man that doesn't look like he's too happy
to see you here. By the look of the emblems on his equipment he
is working for the GenCorps.


22508 : GenCorps Officer

This is an officer of the GenCorps. He is here to protect
the GenCorps compound from being infiltrated by anyone trying
to steal the plans for the GenCorps Strike team.


30637 : GenCorps Sergeant

This is a commanding officer for the GenCorps Officers. It
is his job to make sure that the Officers keep intruders
out of the compound. He doesn't look too happy to see you.


29701 : Strike Guard

This is a specially trained juinor member of the GenCorps strike
team. She is very tall and lanky, but looks very muscular wearing her strike
suit. She looks like every other strike guard that you've seen.
Maybe GenCorps came up with a way to clone some of their better
products. She has a very powerful sparkle in her eyes.


119853 : Strike Team Battle Master

This is the person who trains the GenCorps Strike Team.
He is huge. He looks like he is about three times your size not
counting the enourmous battle suit he's wearing. If he
is the one who trains the Strike Team you have to know that he
won't go easy on anyone who comes up against him. He also tests
all new GenCorps equipment and prototypes that are produced for
the Strike Team.


36830 : Frost

This woman is a member of the GenCorps Strike Team. You can
tell how she got her code name of Frost from the small ice
patches that you can see that are forming at her feet. She has pale
blue eyes, and a bodysuit to match. Her hair is very short and almost
blindingly white. Her icy stare makes shivers run down your spine. You
get the idea that this woman is trained to withstand almost any kind
of attack. Being in her presence may not be such a good idea.


38195 : Burn

This woman is a member of the infamous Strike Team. Her code
name is Burn, and you can tell from the heat that is radiating off
of her, that the name fits. Looking into her eyes sears your eyeballs
and makes tears come to your eyes. She has long flowing red hair and
is dressed in a yellow and red body suit. It looks like she's been
trained to withstand almost every kind of attack. She doesn't look
too happy to see you here either.


46004 : Vitality

This woman is obviously a member of the GenCorps Strike Team. She
wears a blood red body suit, and has long flowing jet black hair, with
large green eyes. Her outward appearance gives you the feeling of being
helpless under her gaze. She is probably not a person you would want to
toy with.

Items:

GenCorp Body Armour.
This is stanadard issue GenCorps body armour. It has the emblem
of GenCorps on the upper right side, and looks like it would
cover most of your upper body.

Ion Beam Emitter (enchanted).
This is a long gun like weapon that takes two hands to wield.
It is long and made out of some kind of black plastic. It has
a radiation warning label on the side in red.

Psi Shield.
This piece of equipment looks like two bracelets connected by a long
piece of metal. The metal that it is made out of shines and sparkles in the
light.

Shock Helmet.
This helmet is roundish and has the emblem of GenCorps on the side.
It looks like it could absorb attacking blows pretty well.

Neuronal Armour.
This armour looks like it would cover most of your upper
body. It has many wires and circuits running through the fabric and
plating. There is a small emblem on the upper right side that says:
GenCorps.

Kevlar Bracers.
These bracers are made out of an extremely light weight fabric.
You wonder if they'll give you any protection.

Spaser.
This is a rather large weapon that looks like a rifle, but
is much more streamlined. It is made out of a durable white plastic
and looks like it has some kind of internal power source.

Passcard.
This is a long piece of clear plastic with red pieces of wire
running trough it. It looks like it would fit somewhere.

Strike Suit.
This body suit looks like it would fit any female very
tightly. It is a very dark shade of blue and has the emblem
of GenCorps in red on the upper right side. It looks like
it won't protect anyone from much, but what can you tell from
looks?

Strike Team Battle Suit.
This is a huge piece of armour. It looks like once you got
into it, it would encase your entire body. It is made out of
something that looks like black shining plastic. It looks like
very good protection.

Battle Glove.
This glove is plated with some kind of metal that shines like
stainless steal, but looks like it has much more strength.
It looks like if you wore this it would fit around your
fist and up your arm a ways. There are many little lights
flickering on and off on the wrist portion of the glove and
a small readout display reads: Strike What?

MultiComponent Armour: Torso Component.
This is a oblong piece of very light material. It feels like metal
but is warm to the touch, and has the feel of fabric. It looks
like it only would fit on the front of an individual, since it is
open in the back of it. Alas, it's obvious that you would need
the other components of this armour to assemble
and use it.

MultiComponent Armour: Leg Casing Component.
This is a pair of long pieces of very light material. The material
feels like metal but is warm to the touch, and has the feel of
fabric. It looks like it only fit on the front of an individual,
since it is open in the back. Alas, it's obvious that you would
need the other components of this armour to assemble and use it.
