wanders chaos, enter truck

open freezer 1-8

redeem wrappers

1 - Good Humor T-Shirt
2 - Good Humor Ice Cream Shot Glass
3 - Good Humor Ice Cream Beer Mug
4 - A stuffed Good Humor Ice Cream Man
5 - Good Humor Ice Cream Baseball Cap
6 - Plastic Ring
7 - Plastic Boots
8 - Plastic Amulet
9 - Plastic Shield
10 - Plastic Helmet
11 - Plastic Sword
12 - Plastic Armour
13 - Ring of Stoneskin
14 - random weapon
15 - random breastplate
16 - Plastic Marble 



The Good Humor Ice Cream Man
The Good Humor man is dressed in all white from head to toe. He always
wears a smile on his face as he delivers his delicious ice cream to
all the local neighborhoods.


Candy Center Crunch Bar    20115
Milk chocolate flavored candy bar center wrapped in vanilla flavored
ice cream and coated with milk chocolate flavored coating. A
chocoholic's dream! Or is it a nightmare? The Candy Center Crunch Bar
is alive! After decades of watching its bretheren eaten, it's time for
the ice cream to fight back!

King Cone Bar   24839
Vanilla-flavored ice cream in a chocolate-lined sugar cone, topped
with milk chocolate flavored coating and roasted peanuts. A sundae to
go! But this bar is like no other you've seen before. It looks to have
gorilla arms! Is this a King Cone or a King Kong!?

Fudgesicle Bar   22988
Chocolate fudge on a stick! The thought of it makes your acne break
out. The Fudgesicle twists and bends into a vampiric mass of fudge. If
you get too close it's sure to suck the life out of you!

Chocolate Eclair Bar   19896
This is a cake-coated vanilla flavored ice cream with a chocolate
flavored fudge center.

Giant Vanilla Sandwich   23230
Two chocolate wafers with vanilla flavored ice cream. Tasty! The
wafers spread apart and begin to look like a giant mouth! Instead of
you eating this sandwich it looks like it means to eat you.

Giant Neopolitan Sandwich   20081
Two chocolate wafers with chocolate, vanilla and strawberry flavored
ice cream. Yum! But this sandwich has no intention of being eaten. It
stand before you in defiance. Daring you to step forward and try to
take a bite. A great power has made the ice cream aware of its fate
and they don't look happy about what you've been doing.

Toasted Almond Bar    25717
Vanilla flavored ice cream surrounding an almond center with almond
flavored coating and almond pieces. You notice that the almond pieces
start to form eyes and a mouth! At first the mouth is in the shape of
a smile, but when it sees you it quickly changes into a frown. Look
out it looks like it wants to take a bite out of you!

Strawberry Shortcake Bar   21429
Cake-coated vanilla flavored ice cream with a strawberry flavored
sauce center. The strawberry sauce begins to ooze out running down the
bar's vanilla ice cream. It looks like strawberry sauce, but it could
be blood! Maybe it's the blood of the last adventurer to wander into
this freezer!

Orange Push-Up   25417
POP!! Orange Sherbet in everyone's favorite pop-up tube. You notice
that some of the ice cream is already sticking out of the tube. In the
ice cream what looks to be two eyes are staring at you! The eyes look
evil and seem to know what you're here for. You know if you try to eat
this Pop-Up there will be trouble!

Rainbow Sherbet Pop-Up   20293
A delightful swirled pop-up tube of orange, raspberry and lemon-lime
sherbet. The ice cream begin to blend together into a hypnotic swirl
of color. You think the ice cream is telling you to go down into the
icey water below. It tells you that there is treasure in the icey
water. Maybe you should listen to it, maybe not.

Creamsicle Bar    24738
Creamy! An orange sherbet shell surrounding vanilla flavored ice
cream, or so the wrapper says. As you lick your lips considering the
Creamsicle's creamy goodness, you can feel the tension in the room
rise...The Creamsicle twitches and you realize that something is
incredibly wrong here.

Choco Taco   25832
Ariba! Fudge Grande ice cream in a sugar cone taco shell with milk
chocolate flavored coating and peanuts. This taco looks like one tough
hombre. Its shell opens and closes with a violent snap. It almost
looks like a giant clam, just waiting to bite off a finger or toe. No
longer will this little guy be afraid of being eaten.

The Great White   21279
Just when you thought it was safe to eat ice cream again! The Great
White is shark-shaped white lemon ice. Look out!

Spider-Man Bar   25165
A Spider-Man shaped bar in red, white and blue raspberry sherbet with
two white gum ball eyes. The Spider-Man Bar begins to climb the walls
of the freezer, but it always keeps its gum ball eyes on you.

Screw Ball   23487
Cherry slushed ice with a bubble gumball in the bottom of a clear
plastic cone. SCREWY! The gumball floats to the surface and you
realize it's not a gumball, but a single eye that watches your every
move. The slushed ice begins to melt and refreeze making it very hard
to hit.

Snow Cone   25940
Crunch! Strawberry, lemon and blue raspberry crushed ice. The crushed
ice can take many different shapes. Right now it looks very long and
sharp. It almost looks like a large ice sword that is just waiting to
cut into you.




Ice Cream Wrapper
A piece of paper used to package ice cream. It looks utterly useless.
There is a small blue ad in the upper corner announcing some sort of contest.

Plastic Amulet
There is more to this little trinket than meets the eye. It is made
from a special experimental fiber that makes it able to withstand
great damage. Its one failing is that it doesn't stand up to heat very
well, but as long as you don't wear it into any volcanos you should be
fine.

Plastic Boots
These boots are more like goloshes. They're made of plastic and look
like they are one size fits all. They make a funny squeeking sound
when you walk in them. Remarkably your feet seem well protected in
these. The plastic boots are lined in kevlar making them resistant to
many types of damage.

Good Humor T-Shirt
This is a high quality cotton T. It's a bright blue color with big
white letters on it that spell: GOOD HUMOR.

Plastic Ring
From outward appearances this looks like just a normal green plastic
ring that you would find in any bubble-gum machine. In actuality, it's
a resilient piece of technology created by Good Humor's military
division. More than a fashion statement, you'll be the best dressed on
any battle field!

Plastic Marble
Exquisitely crafted/magicked, this pristine little plastic bauble is the
whimsical, residual aftermath of peeronic thought.  Sadly, the entropic
tendencies of such mental energies are difficult to grasp or maintain.
A marble will inevitably evanesce and reform in an infinite number of
cryptic locations.

Plastic Shield
Well you guess this is a shield. It looks more than a plastic garbage
can lid, but its lined with a kevlar polymer. Etched into its handle
are the words: Good Humor Ice Cream Company(military division).

Good Humor Ice Cream Baseball Cap
Well this sporty cap will certainly make you the talk of the town.
It's blue with big white letters that spell: GOOD HUMOR.

Good Humor Ice Cream Beer Mug
A frosty mug with Good Humor Ice Cream etched in blue.

Good Humor Ice Cream Shot Glass
A small tumbler with Good Humor Ice Cream etched in blue around the
glass.

A stuffed Good Humor Ice Cream Man
A likeness of the Good Humor Ice Cream Man stuffed with small chunks
of Styrofoam.

Plastic Armour
This armour looks like several pieces of plastic strewn together with
speaker wire. There are two plates to cover the pectoral muscles, a
piece to cover the stomach, and one large one to cover the back.
Though it doesn't look like much, it is remarkably resilient. This
plastic is quite special and it can withstand quite a bit of damage.

Plastic Sword
This is a great plastic replica of a roman broad sword. Even though
it's made of plastic it is reinforced with a kevlar polymer that makes
it an excellent weapon.

Plastic Helmet
This helmet could also be used as a salad bowl. It's got a nice wide
rim to keep your dressing/brains from running out. Besides being a
very useful item, it looks very fashionable! It is lined with a kevlar
polymer to protect your melon against many types of damage.



