Great Lighthouse [Ryft]
Dirs: Eforest, 2e, 12s




Monsters:

25045 : A small bugbear

A cross between a bug and a bear, this monster is pretty ugly
by any stretch of the imagination. It is however, much smaller than
its bigger relatives.


41217 : A large bugbear

A cross between a bug and a bear, this monster is pretty ugly
by any stretch of the imagination. It is however, much larger than
its smaller relatives.




The Keeper at Land's End.
Before you stands the lighthouse keeper at Land's End. His face is
weary from worry and fear. It is clear that something has gone
desperately wrong. But don't let his appearance fool you. The
Keeper at Land's End has always been more than he seems.
You should NOT kill this man if you wish to live.
Perhaps you should <ask> him what the matter is.


Items:

Boots of the Bugbear.
The Boots of the Bugbear offer protection and speed to the wearer.
They are made of a material that you can hardly feel, but they are
quite hardy.

Cloak of the Bugbear.
The Cloak of the Bugbear offers warmth and protection to the wearer.
The cloak is made of some light shifting material that you can hardly
feel, but it feels very sturdy.





ask keeper
The Keeper says: My soul is weary with fear and anxiety.
The Keeper sighs wearily.

The Keeper says: I am the Keeper of the Lighthouse at Land's End.
As Keeper, the task of guarding the Source from harm is mine. Without
the Source, those that would return from journeys beyond Land's
End would have no guiding beacon to help them. Alas, the
Source has been stolen.

The Keeper says: One night as I lay sleeping, Carnelian the Ravenous
tore open the doors to the Lighthouse and overpowered me. He ripped
the Source from its place in the lamp and ran away. To
insure his safe retreat, he left those bugbears you met in your
ascent. As I grieved over the loss of the Source, I could
make out his form running through the forest. I suspect
that he has taken refuge in the great western forest of Fantasy.

The Keeper shifts uneasily.

The Keeper says: You must find Carnelian and return the source to
the lamp. Without the source, many innocent people will perish, and
thousands more will suffer in the loss of their loved ones.

The Keeper's eyes burn with determination.

The Keeper says: You must find the Source! Please! If I were not
so weak, I would have sought it myself, but I was unable
to defeat even the weakest of the bugbears below.

The Keeper says: Go! Find the Source! The lives of many depend
on it!

<go to Carnelian's Lair>
