chaos, 3n

   x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x
   | | | | | | | | |
 2-x x x S x x x x x-E
   | | | | | | | | |
   x-1-x-x-M-x-x-x-x


E: Entrance
1: enter (freezer)
M: Mr. Clean
S: The Para-Elemental Plane of Soy [Olfin]
2: search tabloids, teal marble

1 ) Eliminate the        |  Kill Harry S. Hippo                      : 0/1
    Competition!         |  Kill Smedley the Elephant                : 0/1
                         |  Kill Seadog                              : 0/1
                         |  Kill Cap'n Horatio Crunch                : 0/1




Toucan Sam <?>   338
This is a weird colored bird that thinks he can smell
out bowls of Froot Loops in the woods.

An annoying little girl   35
This is the chick in every commercial that seems to
think she is above sharing.

The Trix Rabbit   43
This guy is always down on his luck.  His favorite thing
in the world is Trix cereal, but kids are always taking
any that he obtains away from him.  He has some now, but
chances are that you are going to try and steal them.

A Thirsty Girl    34
This little girl has been running around and just
plain being a kid.  She looks like she could use
a drink.

The Kool-Aid Man    43
This guy's body is shaped like a giant pitcher with
legs.  He has a huge smiley face on his tummy and
he is bright red.  He looks like he has just busted
through a brick wall.

Jay Leno    327
Jay doesn't think he is fat enough yet, so he eats tons of
Doritos.  With the money he spends on them, we could feed the world.

A Blonde   34
This poor blonde woman is wishing her hair
looked as good as her friend's hair does.  She just
can't seem to figure out why every day is a bad hair day.

A Brunette    34
This is a brunette who has her hair under complete control.
She even knows how to bargain shop!

Mr. Clean (the man behind that shine)    2253
This is a bald man wearing a big silver loop earring.
He is very muscular, but looks like he might be a neat-freak.

A Cute Little Boy    390
This little kid is such a joy to feed.  He is happy with
simple things like bologna.  How cute...

Mr. Whipple    34
Here is a guy that runs a grocery store in some imaginary land.
He is very anal and slightly paranoid about his toilet paper.
You find him a bit odd and think that if you could just do away
with him, the world of groceries would be much better off.

Polar Bear    34
This polar bear likes to taunt and bribe people into doing things
silly things for ice cream.

Sprout    163
This little green guy has a leaf for hair.  He is jovial and
tries hard to do everything right.

Jolly Green Giant    92
This big green guy is the King of Green Beans.

Chef Boyardee    338
This old man has on a huge white cook's hat and cute
rosy cheeks.  He is very concerned about your nutrition.

The Cashier   34
The cashier is an old woman who has her greying hair in a bun
with a pencil stuck in it.  You think you might be here awhile.
She looks pretty slow.

Campbell's Soup Kid    71
This kid is dressed in a warm coat, hat, mittens, and a
scarf. He looks like he just came inside from the cold and
could use a bowl of soup.

Bill Cosby    43
Here is a man that bribes little kids with pudding
pops.  He, you notice, is a little chubbier than he used to be.

A Weight Watcher's Lady     34
This woman is determined to convince you that her low,
low calorie meals do not lack taste and can mean a huge
difference in your body size.

Northern Bath Tissue Girl    733
This little girl is preparing for a big football game.
She has a lot of toilet paper stuffed inside her clothes.
Kill her!

Brawny, the Paper Towel Giant    1497
This giant is not a bad guy.  He likes to keep things clean
and tidy.  He is just HUGE though, so you find him a bit
intimidating.

A Chorus    34
This is a row of women who sing about the damndest things and
always sound happy about it.

A Really Fat Man     156
This guy has had just a few too many slices of bacon in his
day.  He will soon find out that there are other alternatives.

A Rather Slim Lady    34
This woman knows the rules of proper nutrition and has not
let her body go to waste.

Snuggles the Bear    34
This cute little cuddly bear is going to try and convince
you that your clothes are staticy and not good enough just
the way they are.  If I were you, I would not take that from
anyone, especially a stuffed bear.

Madge    34
This woman is the queen of dishwashing.  Everywhere she goes
she is accosted by people that try to be just like her.  If
you stand here long enough, some of them might come along.

A Lady who wishes she were Madge     34
This woman stays at home all day and washes dishes.
She has decided Palmolive is the dish soap for her and
her idol is Madge.

A Screaming Baby     327
This poor kid's mommy used big people's shampoo on her hair.
She has shampoo running down her face, through her eyes
and into her mouth.  She is one unhappy little baby.

A Booming Voice      34
This is the voice you always hear on television, whether
it be announcing game show contestants or advertising the
wonderful benefits of a cleaning product.  Now, after years
of wanting to know who was behind this distinctive voice,
you now stand face to face.  A look of disappointment covers
your face, as you peer down upon a puny little man.

Kelly Lebrock    2352
Here is Kelly Lebrock.  She is one of the most
conceited people on TV, but hey, you think she is
gorgeous.  She is standing in the shower demonstrating
how to use Pantene shampoo.  You careen closer to see if
you can catch a glimpse of her full bosom.

A Keebler Elf     34
This elf is a little guy who works very hard.  He and his
boss, Ernie, get along quite well.  He has cookie icing all
over his face and hands.  You wonder if you would look the
same if you had his job.

Frito Bandito     92
This boy has been greatly spoiled because his mommy likes to put
free toes in his lunch every day.  Today she forgot to do
this, and today he is just a bit out of control as a result.

A very health conscious cow       71
This cow is here to make sure that you know exactly
what the best beverage around is.  It is white and has
black splotches, just like a good dairy cow should.

The famous Ray Charles (undead)      43
This is Ray Charles.  He may be blind, but he knows his sodas.

Mr. Lucky Charm      71
This is the guy that is in every Lucky Charms commercial.
He is the guy that steals cool cereal from innocent kids.
He is very aerobic and spends much of his time playing with
magic marshmallows.





A box of Trix cereal
This is a box of cereal stolen from that silly rabbit.

A tall glass of cherry Kool-Aid
This drink looks quite refreshing and, hell,
it came from the Kool-Aid Man himself!

Jay Leno's Chin
You have always stared at Jay's chin and thought, 'If I had a chin
like that...'  Today is your lucky day!  This chin is yours, Try it
on.

Mr. Clean's Earring
This earring is usually worn by the ever-powerful
Mr. Clean, but you have proven to be even better.
Hence, you are worthy of wearing it.

Sandwich Plate
You look closer and realize that this plate is a plate of
armour!  You momentarily wonder why the little boy had
it, but shake it off.

A Package of Charmin Toilet Paper
Here--have some toilet paper.  I wonder what would happen if
you gave it a SQUEEZE....Hmmmmmmmmm.....

A Claw
A claw from a polar bear.

A Klondike Bar
FINALLY, YOU GOT A KLONDIKE BAR!

A Can Opener
This has been used to open cans of beans.

A Chef's Hat
This chef's hat was worn originally by a very powerful
and respected cook.  Now, you may wear it with pride.

A Chicken Noodle
This noodle is one of Campbell's finest.  Nothing cures
illness like a chicken noodle.

Football Helmet
This is a pink football helmet, but it looks STRONG.  It
has been heavily padded with toilet paper.

A Huge Axe
Brawny the Paper Towel Man's Axe.  It's got a good balance
to its weight.  Looks like it could be used to chop down a tree...

A Fat Roll
This roll of fat is HUGE.  You could probably put it on
and receive some sort of protection.

A Baby's Diaper
You see that this diaper is unsoiled, but think that
you may need it for your own use.

A set of boobs
You cannot believe that you are holding Kelly Lebrock's
boobs in your hands.  This is a dream come true.  Maybe you
can use them for something...

A Bottle of Pantene Shampoo
You look at the shampoo and realize that there is no hope for
you.  You know you will always be as ugly as a rat.

A glass of milk
A glass of cool, refreshing milk.

A Can of Diet Pepsi
This is a can of Diet Pepsi that you can't resist drinking.

A Blue Diamond Marshmallow
This is one of Lucky's magic marshmallows. It may make you feel better.

Strap-on Beak
This is a strap-on beak used to help follow Toocan Sam.
Try it on, You will look really cool.

