
1st Floor

               |
          x-x  x
          | |  |
        x-x 1  1
        |   |  |
      2-x   3  x-E
        |      |
        x-x x  9
        | | |
        x-4-x-x
            |
          x-x-u


E: Entrance, lay down - exit
1: jump over pipes
2: Captain Keyes
3: chair
4: Elite mob, need this corpse
9: Surgery Room

2nd Floor

             x-x--x
             |    |
           5-x    x-x
           | |      |
           x x-x<-x-x-6
               |
             7-8
               |
           x-x-x 
             |
             d


5: Smoke-Filled Room - exit is random sometimes
6: Sandino
	-A jury rigged shield assembly belt.
	-A shiny force-shield assembly belt. (the good one)
7: Surgery room - search tray for scalpel
	dissect elite corpse from 4
	With Sandino following you, say install.
8: throw chair through window

step one
get chair @3
say follow @6
once you see 'Sandino sighs.', goto 4, wait for him to start fighting
the elite, then kill the elite
wrap the elite corpse, take it to 7, unwrap the elite corpse,dissect corpse,
say install, once the wall of text finishes, you have a belt in the other
slot, and an attachment in a magical slot, then goto 2, say cortana
once he stops talking your ear off, leave


A dark-skinned marine <.>
This dark-skinned human marine is dressed in dark coloured combat
fatigues.  He is gripping his pistol a bit too tight and has a
desperate look in his eye.  He looks like he knows how to use it.

A lightly-armoured marine
This human marine is dressed in dark coloured combat fatigues and is
of average height.  He is gripping his pistol a bit too tight and has
a desperate look in his eye.

A technician in an orange jump-suit
This human tech is dressed in an orange jump-suit and is of average
height.  He is agitated and moves about his tasks with almost reckless
haste.

A technician in a tattered orange jump-suit
This human tech is dressed in a tattered and bloody orange jump-suit
and is of average height.  He is agitated and looks around nervously
as if he thought someone was following him.  He is bruised, battered,
and looks afraid for his life.

A pimply marine <.>
This pimply human marine is dressed in dark coloured combat fatigues.
He is gripping his pistol a bit too tight and has a desperate look in
his eye.  He looks like he knows how to use it.

Captain Keyes
Captain Keyes is dressed in a grey combat flight suit, and is slightly
taller than average.  He holds an unlit pipe in one hand and stares
with concern at the tactical readouts in front of him.

A short yellow-armoured creature
This creature is small, only about 3 feet tall, and is partly covered
in a suit of body armour with yellow highlights. Its whole body is
very round, with short arms and legs that give it a waddling gait.

A blue-armoured elite
This creature stands almost 9 feet tall and looks very strong.  Its
strangely articulated legs and 4-part jaw give it an almost
insect-like appearance, though it stands on two legs.  It is wearing
blue body armor that conceals its true coloration.





A M6D pistol (enhanced)
This pistol is a recoil-operated, magazine-fed handgun.  It is
generally issued with a smart-linked scope but this one does not
appear to have one.  It is designed to fire 12.7 mm
semi-armour-piercing rounds.

a comfortable-looking office chair
This chair is made of some composite metal and comfortable-looking
padding.  It looks like it would be great to sit on.

A M6D clip.

A metallic plasma pistol (enhanced)
This plasma pistol is only slightly larger than your hand, and fits
like a pair of brass knuckles.  It is rather heavy, and has no obvious
way of being reloaded.

A blue plasma rifle (enhanced)
This plasma rifle is purple with light blue highlights and has
smoothly rounded lines.  Your hand fits neatly into the center of the
almost glove-like design, neatly balancing its rather considerable
weight.

A razor sharp scalpel
This scalpel is made of some sort of grey metal and looks insanely
sharp.  However, it is very thin and would probably break with any
heavy use.  It looks like the kind of knife you might use to dissect
things.




