sci,enter,u,3e,d,e,path,22n,w,d

                    x
                    |
                    x
                    |
                    u    d-x
                    |
u-x-x     x-x-x-x-x-x
    |     |
    x     x
    |     |
    x-x-x-x






Loading Dock Worker   7349
This loading dock worker is busy carrying bags of unknown
substances from the back of a truck into the warehouse.  He has
been working twelve hour shifts for the past three months and
he is damn tired.  He's a fat man who spends his off-time choking
down beer and jelly-filled powdered doughnuts.

Processing Plant Guard    19352
A hard-nosed, no-nonsense guard.  He doesn't take no crap from
nobody.  All his orders come directly from the 'big man'.  He
follows all rules and is a stickler for respecting authority.  He
has no problem killing anyone for disobeying orders, or trespassing.
He'd probably kill his own mother for looking at him sideways.

Truck Driver   2536
A truck driver.  He is employed by Hamilton Enterprises to haul
stuff back and forth between designated locations.  He never
questions what he is hauling.  He knows that that would be a
big mistake.  He's a man around his mid-30's with deeply tanned
skin and yellow teeth.  Despite the condition of his teeth, he
has a great smile, and you can't help but like him.  You wonder
how someone as seemingly nice as him could be doing any kind
of shady work.

Warehouse Supervisor   3859
The warehouse supervisor is shouting out commands. He's a wiry thin
man of about 40, but he pulls his weight around here and people
shy away from his authority.  He reminds you of a little cockroach
running little cockroach errands.  He's a big man in here, but out
in the real world, what's left of it, he's a peon.

Assembly line worker   13249  
This assembly line worker is a young man in his early 20's.  He
is a hard worker and very dependable.  His position on the assembly
line changes every week to cut down on the sheer boredom.  He's
handsome, in a grungy kind of way.  He does his job well, cuz he
knows that he can be easily replaced, or worse put to death.

Employee peeing   8183 
A lucky employee getting a bathroom break.  All you see is his
back, as he is taking a piss, draining his main vein, leaking his
lizard, choking his chicken, shaking his monkey, making his bladder
gladder....Sheesh, he's gonna be here all day.

Martin O'Dell (supervising)   39159
This is the plant's supervisor.  And second in command of Hamilton
Enterprises.  He's in his mid 50's, and rather slimy looking.  His
black hair is slicked back with too much gel.  He has beady brown
eyes, and he sweats too much.  You figure he doesn't have enough
intelligence to question anything that goes on here, and that's
how he got his job.

Jeffrey Hamilton (owner)   50719
This is the owner of Hamilton Enterprises.  He has direct contact
with Justin Strike of Strike Industries, although they have never
met.  He's a good-looking young man in his late twenties, and it
makes you think that he must really know his stuff to be running
an operation like this at such a young age.  He's quite the ladies
man and has an I.Q. of about 142.  People both respect and fear
him for he is ruthless in his dealings.



A KC-480 Rifle
One of the most highly sophisticated rifles of this decade.  Powerful
enough to shoot through ten inches of steel, but easy enough for a
five-year-old to use.  You sure would hate to get shot by this.

KC-480 rifle shells
These shells were specificially designed for the KC-480 Rifle.
Do not attempt to put them in another gun.

A pair of geek glasses
A pair of geek glasses.  You wonder who was geeky
enough to wear these.

A clipboard
A clipboard that holds important papers.
It appears someone has docked you one hour's pay.

Jeffrey Hamilton's Brain
The incredible brain of Jeffrey Hamilton.  You can't
believe you have it in your hands.  Perhaps you could wield it
and get into people's minds like he did.

