magic,portal,12n,leave,10n,3w,nw



   u    d - cave, say help, trace symbol
  /
 x
  \
   E


                                    4 x-x-x-x-x
                                    | |       | 
                    x-x-x-x   x-x-x-x-x       x
                    | | | |   |               |
    x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x               x
      | | | | | | | | | | | |                 |
      x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x                 x
      | | | | | | |         |                 |
    x-x-5-x-x-x-x-x   x x   |                 |
      | | | |         | |   |                 |
      x-x-x-x        -x-x x-x   x-x-x-x       x
                        |   |   |     |       |
                      x-x x-x-x x     x       x
                        | |\|/| |     |       |
              x-x-x-u-x-x-x-x-x-x     x-x-x-x-x
              |         | |/|\| |     |
          x-x-x         x x-x-x x     x
                            |   |     | 
                          2-x-1 x-x-x-x
                            |
                          3-x x-x x
                            |   | |
                            x-x-x-x-x-x-x
                                |   |
                                x   x-u
                                    |
                                  x-x
                                  | |
                              x-x-x-x-x
                              | | | |/
                            x-x-x-x-x
                            | |/| |
                            x-x-x-x
                            | | |
                        x-x-x-x-x


1: Harfain Trading Hall (Shop)
2: Kaynbee's Tavern (Pub)
3: Harfain Curio Shop
4: move table, open trapdoor
5: An Old Crumbling Tower
   search stone, push button
   all up, search bookshelves (A research journal)


A Snarling Lierbeast   66127
The creature is large enough to swallow a regular human in one bite.
It seems to be all fangs and fur with a ravenous appetite.  It hovers
in the air with some unknown form of propulsion and seems to feel that
you would make a nice side snack.

An Old Traveler   26123
You see an old traveler with a long greying beard and a faded
hat.  He nods solemnly to you as you pass by him.  He squints at
the road through the many wrinkles on his face.

An Eager Merchant   34709
This merchant has his eyes on your purse.  His feeble attempts to get
your attention don't seem to be working very well either.  Nonetheless,
he persists vigilantly.  His booth does not interest you at all, it
looks like more junk.

A Townsperson    44437
This townsperson appears somewhat wealthy. He browses the different.
items available in the marketplace with a cheerful disposition.
He does not seem particularly phased by your presence.

A Brightly Dressed Troubadour    34492
A brightly dressed troubadour sits in the corner on a stool.
He holds a lute made of polished grey wood. He's a handsome man
with a winning smile. He seems very friendly to all the inn's
guests.

A pudgy innkeeper    37120
The innkeeper stands sternly with his arms folded across his chest.
He surveys his domain proudly.  He probably built this place up from
the sticks.  He rents out rooms.  Type 'list' if you'd like to know
what's available.

The innkeeper's wife   52924
The innkeeper's wife scurries around preparing food for the inn
customers.  Right now she's basting a fresh roasted pheasant.  She's
a pretty little woman with slightly curled hair.  The steam from the
boiling water has condensed on her brow.

A Stout Sheriff    20868
The sheriff rests back tipping his chair with his feet propped up on
his desk.  He doesn't seem too ready to tackle all the paperwork
in front of him.  He sums you up with a good long look, then shrugs.
He appears to be a portly man, it is unlikely that he is the sole
hand of the law in this town, or the robbers would run rampant.

A Carpenter    41049
A carpenter with a weathered face in old sawdust-filled clothing tips
his hat to you when you look his way.  He looks like a hardworked man.
Someone who's worked long hours all his life.

A Young Man   34604
A young man wanders idly through the town streets.  His gaze does not
meet yours.  He seems somewhat downtrodden and depressed.

A Farmer    31440
A farmer seems to be in a hurry to get somewhere; it is hard to know
where exactly, but he has a determined look on his face.  The
farmer's old dusty overalls make them stand out among the usual town
throng.

A Wealthy Merchant   42452
This merchant has a large belly.  He eyes you with a calculative air.
You can tell by his clothing that he does quite well for himself in the
marketplace.

A Young Woman   33232
The young woman notices your gaze and smiles in a friendly way.  She
seems to be busy shopping in the marketplace.  She's wearing a new
dress that matches the ribbons in her hair.

A Madman (raving)    58260
A very ancient-looking madman sits here raving on and on.  His clothes
are rags.  He seems somehow more substantial than anything else in
the marketplace.  He stares at the world through half closed eyes
rejecting everything he sees.  He does not even acknowledge you.

A little girl in pigtails   7813
Humming a nursury song and cradling a doll you see a girl who looks
to be four or five years old.  She has a look of mischief in her eye as
you approach.  She looks lost; maybe you can help her?

A Harfain Guard
A guard stands sternly by the entrance to the Duchess's mansion.  His
eyes survey all that happens in front of him in case anything should occur.

A Rabbit   14447
A fluffy little bunny rabbit wiggles its nose in your general direction.
You imagine the gardeners have a hard time keeping rabbits like this
one under control. They seem to have truly set up a residence here
in the courtyard.

A Gardener   29915
A gardener works hard at maintaining these grounds. The hot sun beats
down relentlessly plying creases into the gardener's face, particularly
around the eyes.

Rivald the Ranger   57361
Rivald is a sad-looking man, his hair is unkempt and his eyes
seem to tell you that he is a mere shadow of the man he once
was. The abject state of his home is a reflection of the pain in
his heart. In addition to that, he seems terrified of something.

A Quiet Deer   27330
A lithe beautiful creature trods gracefully across your path.
For a moment you are awed by its splendor in its forest home.
It pauses for just a moment, long enough to snap a twig off a nearby
shrub then hurry away.

A Snake   26241
A simple tree snake slithers along under the thick forest underbrush.  It
startles you when you first see it before you realize that it really is very
small and not much of a threat at all.

A Pheasant   27821
An ugly, drab looking bird with a nice full body.  It looks like a stupid
animal.  It'd probably make a nice meal to anyone quick enough to catch it.

Mean Beastie    27536
This is a mean beastie, one of those unnamable things that lurks in the
darkness.  Its body is jet black with coarse wiry hairs and long
needlesharp fangs.  It gnashes at you ferociously grasping to tear
your heart out with its claws.  Such things are the spawn of pure evil
and chaos.

Gwenyth the Priestess (loving)   28489
Gwenyth is a middle aged woman in a thick white robe.  She smiles
serenely at you as you approach.  A twinkling bell sound comes from a
string of tiny bells that hang from the gold cord belt at her waist.

A Young Mother   44444
A beautiful young mother with a glowing smile and a cheerful
disposition is here tending her young babe. She is not at all
pleased at your having entered her house unexpected and
uninvited.

A cute little baby  34
This is a sweet adorable baby, innocent to the ways of the world
and helpless to the cruelties of man. It looks up at your with
bright blue eyes and a slight smile comes to its cherub face.

A Very Large Woman   41773
A hefty woman-and-a-half stands here eyeing you suspiciously. She
looks like she's eaten people more vicious than you in her day.
You swear that you can almost see smoke pouring out of her flared
nostrils.

Chester Felman, a Carpenter   44412
Chester is a friendly looking guy wearing loose, sawdust-covered
overalls.  He squints through the wrinkles of his face at you.  He
looks like he's been hard at work today.

The older brother  25723
The older brother, and the more responsible of the two, Matt
feels that he is the man of the house while their father is
out, especially since their mother is sick. You can vaguely hear
her coughing in the next room.

The younger brother   21891
The younger brother, follows his brother's every command. They
are like two small allies in the great war of life. Little Nate
is hardly higher than your knees, but he eyes you with stern
distrust.

A Very Sick Mother    32848
A woman lies shivering in bed. Her eyes appear quite sunken and
her skin clammy and pale. She looks very concerned as you enter
the room. She pushes her sticklike figure to a sitting
position.



Lierbeast Jaws
Strange needled sharp spiraling jaws that clench in and out. You
notice that you can work them manually as a formidable weapon.

an old weathered cane
A long spindly cane of rough wood which looks as if it's known
better days.  The hand grip part of it is worn smooth from years
of use.

A small pouch
This is a little pouch used to carry assorted belongings and
items used for trade in the marketplace.

A brass key
A long polished brass key. It appears to be fairly new and has
an inticrately engraved handle.

An iron key
It's a little iron key with the number two engraved in it.

A Roasted Pheasant
A hunk of roasted pheasant, carefully basted to perfection.

A Kitchen Apron
It is a simple green kitchen apron with big white flowers all over
it.  There is single ornamental embroidered pocket on the front.

A Heavy Leather Vest
A sturdy leather vest with thick lacings holding it together.  It
looks to be a fine piece of armour for what it is.

Harfain Sword
A gleaming shiny, silvery sword etched with the seal of Harfain
town.  The handle is made of a darker gold-toned metal with a
roughened grip.

Harfain armour
Gleaming silver armour bearing the seal of Harfain town.  It is very new
looking, and reflects an almost true image of everything around it.

Harfain Shield
A shining silvery shield bearing the seal of Harfain town.  It is very
reflective showing nearly a true reflection of everything around it.  The
craftsmanship is stunningly beautiful.

a carpenter's hammer
This is a worn out carpenter's hammer on a faded, worn smooth wood
handle. The edge of the hammer is rounded off with a dip in the
middle, probably from hammering nails.

a rake
A long thin black rake.  It looks as if it has been used a lot since
its metal is worn in places and its rungs are bent.

A Pretty Green Hair Ribbon
A soft silky hair ribbon of a bright vibrant green.  It looks
like it would make a fine addition to any lady's wardrobe.

A New Dress
A beautiful new dress made of soft fabrics.  It appears to be of
an older fashion not worn anywhere but Harfain these days.  It
looks like it would look very nice on a lady.

A Simple Red Flower
A little red flower slumps limply in your grip.  Its stem is a
bit mangled but other than that is by far one of the most
beautiful flowers you have ever seen.

A Pair of Scuffed Shoes
These shoes look as if they've seen better days.  Long hours of
puttering along and dragging of feet has completely ruined the
soles and made them virtually useless.

A Dark Reddish Pouch
This is a small dark reddish pouch containing a thin powdery
substance.  The powdery substance shimmers in the light.  The
powder itself looks like it would feel neat between your fingers.
You are tempted to reach in and touch it.

A cute little doll
It's a pretty yellow haired doll with button eyes and a big smile
embroidered on it.  Its rusty brown dress is faded in spots and
it looks like it has been through hell and back.

A carved rock key
This is an interesting key carved out of mountain rock. Its
surface is very smooth to the touch.

A Silverwood Bow
A beautiful silverwood bow. Light seems almost to reflect from
its smooth, perfect surface. The bowstring appears to shimmer in
the light. Surely this is not an ordinary bow.

A bundle of 100 arrows.
Used to stock all sorts of bows.
If you have a bow, you may load the
weapon by typing 'stock bow'

a deerskin cloak
This is a beautiful deerskin cloak. The seams are nearly
invisible between the carefully cured pelts and hides. The
deer skin appears suitably thick to make it a fine protection.

A lock of flaxen hair
A long lock of flaxen hair, it appears sun gold and absolutely
beautiful to your eyes. The silken strands are tied together by
a small blue ribbon.

A Jeweled Necklace
A woman's delicate jeweled necklace with what appear to be
tiny diamonds strung by pearls. It appears to be slightly
greened by having been left in dampness for a long time.

A collection of love letters
A stack of love letters between Rivald and a woman by the name of
Celestine. You peruse the contents and only find the first and
last letters of particular interest.

read first letter
The first letter, written in an elegant script, is slightly
crumpled and reads as follows:

My Dearest Rivald,

     How I rue the day when first I laid
 eyes on thee. Thine face, thine hair, thine
 eyes, they enchant and delight me as no other.
 Yet how can I allow for such feelings for a
 mortal? I feel so strongly that I love thee,
 yet I know that it could never be. My people
 have many a tale of such a union which has gone
 awry for mortal foolishness. But how can love
 so great be so bitterly wrong? I shall meet thee
 tonight and thou shalt tell me then if thou
 accept my love. If so then I will call on my
 sire so that we might be bound as man and wife
. Every part of my being longs to be known as
 thine loving wife. Meet me at the river at
 twilight and give me your love.
                               Your Fairest,
                               Celestine

read last letter
The last letter is marred by blurred round patches and is written in the
same elegant script as the first letter. It reads as follows

My Dearest Rivald,

     I love thee still. How cruel fate has been to
 rend us apart. In leaving thee, I die. My sire's
 conditions have been met. How foolish thou hast been
 to allow such human emotions to come between us. Now
 I must leave, the magicks that allow me to remain
 among your people weaken as I write this farewell.
 Soon there will be nothing at all to bind me here
 and I shall be lost to thee forever. I shall do one
 more thing for thee my love. My sire already knows
 what has happened and he predicts a horrible fate
 will befall your people. The fates have converged
 and great magicks will tear at the lands. If you
 value thine life and thine soul Rivald, leave
 Harfain, pack thine belongings and go far away. To
 remain here is to endure a death without dying, an
 eternity of pain. I love thee still my love. Please
 go. I shall be safe with my people. The dryads are
 fearful, they also know that something bad is coming.
 Comfort them some, then get thee to safety! Goodbye
 my love.
                         Your loving Wife,
                         Celestine

A Soft Deer Skin
A smooth soft deer skin which might be used to make shoe
leathers or a leather jacket of some kind.  It might sell
for a decent price in town.

Love Potion
This is a bright pink potion in a pretty silvered flask.  You feel giddy
just holding it.  There is a little seal on the outside of the flask
which identifies it as having originated in Vermin's Potion Emporium
in Harfain.

Super Love Potion
This is a pale pink potion that seems to have tiny dried rose petals
floating in it.  It radiates with an energy which causes you to feel
somewhat blissful.  There is a little seal on the outside of the gold-
rimmed crystal flask which identifies it as having originated in Vermin's
Potion Emporium in Harfain.

Firebomb Potion
This is a thin clear potion in a pottery flask with flecks of metal
imbedded in it. The liquid itself has fumes that sting your nose.
There is a little seal on the outside of the flask which identifies
it as having originated in Vermin's Potion Emporium in Harfain.

Potion of unsatiation
This is a cloudy, white potion in an odd-looking speckled flask.
There is a little seal on the outside of the flask which identifies it
as having originated in Vermin's Potion Emporium in Harfain.

Snake Fangs
A pair of nasty looking sharp snake fangs.  They are narrow and
pointy with just a touch of venom at the tips.

Raw Pheasant
This is the corpse of that pheasant you killed awhile ago.  What
do you plan to do with it now?  You'd better decide quick before
it rots away.

black demon claws
Shiny black demon claws that you can strap onto your fists.  They
shimmer strangely seeming to absorb light.

A research journal
An old research journal that was written by Saldibas years ago.
It contains pages of notes on magical spells and items that he
did experiments with.

a honeywood staff
A narrow staff made of gold-tinted wood with a long twined design
carved in it.  It feels warm to the touch and seems to radiate a sense of
serenity.

A White Robe
A soft linen white robe of simple design.  It clings smoothly to the skin
providing an alluring sillohuette.  It appears to be cut in a design more
fashionable for women than men.

A Gold Cord Belt
A narrow rope belt of a golden color with little chimes tied on the end
tassles, it is a pretty lady's belt meant to be worn over a robe.  The
chimes on the belt seem to jingle at the slightest provocation.

A brightly colored baby rattle
Colorful stenciled patterns cover the surface of this porcelain
rattle. Shaking it causes the slightest little clinking noise.

a baby blanket
A soft delicate baby blanket, colored with soft pastel colors
in whimsical designs, it makes your mind feel at ease.

a baby diaper
A simple clean cloth baby diaper. There are little pins in the
sides that you use to fasten it closed.

A small diamond
This is a beautiful small diamond, truly an elegant gem.  It would
look wonderful on a ring.

a large scarf
A broad piece of colorful cloth, probably meant as a woman's
clothing ornamentation or something. This one seems particularly
large as if intended for a huge woman.

A Dusty Pair of Overalls
These are old, worn out overalls.  The knees are nearly threadbare
but the rest of them are made of thick sturdy cloth that may well
last through quite a bit more beating.

A tarnished key
This is a scratched and old tarnished key with a few nicks in
its surface. The grip is worn smooth from being held.

a small cap
It's a little boy's cap made of a woven dark blue cloth. It is a
bit small for you, but you could still pull it on if you really
wanted to.

a luck ring
This is a ring that is supposed to bring you luck when you wear
it. It's simply a wooden ring with a few lucky symbols carved in
its surface.

