chaos,e,n

              x-x-x-x
             /  | | |
            /   x x x
           /    | | |
          /     x-x-x
         /           \
        x-6 5-x-x     x
              |
        u   d-x-u    x-d-7     x
              |        |       |
              4      x-u-x     d
              |        |
            x-x        x
              |
              x-2 3
              |
              | x
              | |
          x-1-x-x
              | |
              F x

              F
              |



F: climb vines
1: door (west)
2: gate (east)
3: barn (west)
4: enter (north)
5: door (west)
6: door (east)
7: search crib, search blankets, pot stash

 
Honeycomb the Teaching Hippie    4601
Honeycomb looks like one of those student teachers you had in high
school.  Her voice is strong but her eyes dart nervously around the
room as if she can't look you in the eye.  She obviously just likes
to write on the chalk board.

Maryjane the Skipping Hippie      1364
Maryjane is a small little girl with large green eyes.  Her long black
hair is in two braids, tied with small red ribbons.  She is skipping
around the playground, having fun all by herself.

Birch the Handy Hippie      11459
Although this hippie seems to be as loving as all the others, you
still feel daunted by his size.  His broad shoulders show how years
of hard work can develop your muscles.  His large hands firmly hold
a sharp chisel.

Magenta the Artistic Hippie     3064
Magenta is a frail looking artist.  She is wearing a paint splattered
smock and holds a paint tipped brush in her hand.  Her flaming red hair
fans her face in disarray and her tiny hands wave frantically as she
continues to paint, oblivious to your presence.

Lizzie the Pottery Hippie    8189
Lizzie is the local potter.  She creates everything the commune needs
on her wheel or with her hands.  Her arms are very muscular from working
the hard clay into things the hippies can use.

Wheatfeld the Farming Hippie      4158
He loves sheep. I mean, he looooooves sheep.  They always seem to
shuffle whenever he is around.  This chap believes in free love
for ALL of God's creatures, whether they like it or not.

A chicken     327
This is a cute chicken.  Kill it anyways.

A Horse     3028
This is a strong and mighty work-horse.

A little sheepie    390 
A little defenseless sheepie with a huge afro.

A huge cow     399
A huge cow with even bigger udders. Whoa.

Neil the Smelly Hippie     4800
Oh my god!  It's that guy from The Young Ones!  As peaceful as he
may look, he produces quite a strong odor. He hasn't noticed your
intrusion into the outhouse and seems very intent on reading one
of his magazines.

Grampa the Old Hippie    4436
Grampa is the oldest hippie in the commune.  He loves the fact that
he can grow his own prunes here.

Charlie the Hippie Kitty     1295
This kitty-cat loves to sleep on beanbags, so he's lucky to live
here since there are about 10 of them scattered about the room.

Sunny the Cooking Hippie     5228
Sunny looks to be a bit out of it. Maybe it's those brownies she makes.

Windfare the Hippie Poet    5630
Now here's a strange fellow.  He sits in a chair at the table and
mumbles as he furiously writes down his thoughts about the workings
of the universe.

A Rabbit     411
A big bunny rabbit eating carrots.

A Mole   1496
This is a little mole.  He likes to dig holes in the ground.

A Mouse     412
This small field mouse is rumaging around for food.

A Raccoon    374
A raccoon rumaging in the compost bin.

Roan the Groovy Hippie          14609
Roan is a small, skinny little man.  He has a receding hair line, even
though his waist long locks surely make up for it.  The pipe in his hand
has glowing embers in it which are still smoking.  The aroma is delicious.
Roan is sitting in a beanbag swaying to some music only he can hear.

Magnolia the Flower Child      1907
Magnolia is a beautiful little hippie child.  She has long blonde
hair and light blue eyes.  You hardly notice that she's a bit
cross-eyed.

Steamroller the Pipe Child    1878
Steamroller was named after his dad's favorite kind of pipe.
He's looking forward to the day he turns 5 so he too can smoke
out of one.

Joy the Baby Hippie     1782
This is a little baby hippie.  She looks very innocent.

Shadowstar the Easy Hippie     5833
This chick is the easiest girl in the commune.  Everyone goes to her
when they need some lovin'. Wink wink.

Moonbeam the Horny Hippie    5492
Moonbeam is one of the few selfish people who live on the
commune.  He likes the free love philosophy the best and
tests it out as often as he can.

Loam the Stoner Hippie    4289
This tall and wiry man stands with his shoulders slouched a bit and
looks like a Cheech and Chong reject in a pair of bell-bottoms and a
ripped tie-dye.

Granny the Nagging Hippie    3857
And you thought all hippies were nice and pleasant!  This old hag
makes you want to kill, kill, kill.  Hopefully she doesn't know
how to use that cane of hers.

Ferrah the Sewing Hippie     4829
Ferrah is the apprentice seamtress. Sally, the mistress seamtress,
is teaching her all the tricks of the trade.  Although she is still
young, she learns fast, and is already quite competent with a needle.

Sally the Sewing Hippie    5791
This is Sally.  She is the best seamtress in the commune.  The needle
in her hand looks quite sharp, and you hope she does not decide to
stick you with it!



A piece of chalk.
This is a piece of standard white chalk.

A small red ribbon
This is Maryjane's red hair ribbon.  She must have lost it in the
struggle to keep her life.

A Chisel.
A sharp chisel, usually used by a carpenter.

A painter's smock.
This is a white painter's smock. It is splatered with paint of
all colours. The sleeves billow out, giving the smock a truely bohemian
feel. It doesn't seem to provide much protection.

A painter's brush.
This is a small paint brush.  It looks like it was hand-made, but it
is perfectly crafted. Horsehair makes up the bristles, and the handle
is made of fine oak.

A pair of Denim Overalls
These are a pair of old overalls. You can tell they are well made
simply because they look to be about 100 years old, but still have
absolutely no holes in them.

A chicken feather
A small white feather, obviously from a chicken.

A Leather Saddle
A leather saddle. It looks well made.

A High Times Magazine
A magazine all about pot. There seems to be something between

A Straw Hat
A straw hat made by an old hippie.

A Pair of Oven Mitts
A nice insulated pair of gloves. They look very protective.

Windfare's Notebook
Wow! What a valuable find! Now only if you could decipher his
handwriting...doh!

Moon Amulet
A silver crescent moon dangles from a string of leather.

A pot pipe (full)
This is a wooden pot pipe.

A Mexican Poncho
A groooooovey poncho.

A String of Love Beads
These beads almost glow with the feeling of love.

A Pot Stash
Hey! You've found the hippies' pot stash. Perhaps if you were knowledgeable
about these sort of things, you could figure out a way to use it.

A Mood Ring
A ring that hippies use to tell what mood you're in.

Bell-bottom Trousers
What a lovely pair of pants. You immediately want to try them on.

A Wobbly Cane
A frail and wobbly walking cane.

A sewing needle
This is a very sharp sewing needle. It reflects the light in
its shiny surface. There is some brown thread hanging from
the eye in a hopeless tangle.



