chaos,2s, open book, read chapter 3




                     x   2
                      \ /
                       x 4              4: Rampaging Omelette (omelette)
     x-x-x-x-x         | |              5: King's Man (eating lunch) (quiche)
     | | | | |         x-x
     x-x-x-x-x         |
     |       |         x
     x       x        /|\
     |       |       5 x 3
     x       x         |
     |       |         L
     x-x-1-x-x
        \|/
       x-x-x
         |
         x       x-x
         |       | |\
       x-x-x   x-x-x-x
       | | |\ /| | |
       x-x-x-x x-x-x
       | | |/
       x-x-x
         |
         E



1: castle
2: read book (Limbo)
3: Humpty Dumpty
E: Entrance/exit
L: leave castle
R: return


    Oval 1    Oval 3    Oval 5    Oval 7    Oval 9    Oval 11   Oval 13
     R-x       u-x       u-x       u-x       u-x       u-x         u
    /   \     /   \     /   \     /   \     /   \     /   \        |
   x     x   x     x   x     x   x     x   x     x   x     x      hole(exit)
   |     |   |     |   |     |   |     |   |     |   |     |
   x     x   x     x   x     x   x     x   x     x   x     x
    \   /     \   /     \   /     \   /     \   /     \   /
     x-d       x-d       x-d       x-d       x-d       x-d

    Oval 2    Oval 4    Oval 6    Oval 8    Oval 10   Oval 12
     d-x       d-x       d-x       d-x       d-x       d-x
    /   \     /   \     /   \     /   \     /   \     /   \
   x     x   x     x   x     x   x     x   x     x   x     x
   |     |   |     |   |     |   |     |   |     |   |     |
   x     x   x     x   x     x   x     x   x     x   x     x
    \   /     \   /     \   /     \   /     \   /     \   /
     x-u       x-u       x-u       x-u       x-u       x-u

Egbert the Wizard <?>
Egbert the Wizard is a real Egghead, if truth be told.  He is tall and
gaunt with a long brown beard.  He is dressed in yellow and white
robes.  Egbert was hired by King Albert to put Humpty Dumpty together
again.  Perhaps you could assist him by asking if he has any missions
for you to perform.

1 ) Save Humpty Dumpty   |  Get Piece of Omelette                    : 0/1
                         |  Get Piece of Quiche                      : 0/1
                         |  Get Piece of Fried Egg                   : 0/1
                         |  Get Piece of Hard-Boiled Egg             : 0/1
                         |  Get Piece of Over Easy Egg               : 0/1
                         |  Get Piece of Poached Egg                 : 0/1
                         |  Get Piece of Scrambled Egg               : 0/1

Harden Boyle, PI     9044
Harden Boyle is a private investigator following up on the Humpty
Dumpty case.  He is a haunted soul -- as all noir heroes are --
stubbly and red-eyed, sporting a worn fedora, a wrinkled suit and a
staunch conviction that Humpty's fall was no accident.

Fried Egg    5504
Fried Egg is an egg who has had a little too much of everything life
has to offer in a chemical form.  Red rimmed eyes and a goofy smile
swim in a slightly undercooked albumen, a pot belly of yellow yolk,
all seasoned with a blend of suspicious looking herbs.  This egg is
seriously fried.

Over Easy Egg   2841
This is Over Easy Egg, the local village prostitute.  Business is
pretty slow for a hooker in a land inspired by Mother Goose, but she
does okay.  She has been dyed with complex patterns, making her a
truly beautiful egg; however, she looks pretty ridiculous dressed in a
tube top and denim shorts.

King's Man   4339
This man was once a proud soldier of King Albert's army, but no more
since the Humpty Dumpty debacle.  Now, this aimless soul wanders
Eggland looking for an opportunity to redeem himself and his pathetic
egg reconstruction skills.

Mother Dumpty    7675
This little hen is Mother Dumpty, the mother of Humpty Dumpty.  King
Albert has made sure that she receives everything she needs since the
great fall of her son.  Her favorite activities are eating corn and
complaining about the difficulties of giving birth to such a large
egg.

King's Horse     3067
This horse was once a noble steed of King Albert's army, but no more
since the Humpty Dumpty debacle.  Now, this creature sits in the Royal
Stable reflecting on how difficult it was to reassemble an egg with
two hooves and no opposable thumbs.

Free-Range Egg    5506
This is a happy, innocent Free-Range Egg.  He wanders around the Royal
Forest in complete bliss, unaware that evil Egg Poachers lurk in the
shadows, waiting to kidnap him and eat him as soon as they get the
chance.

Egg Poacher
The Egg Poacher is a thief with a false sense of entitlement.  He
wanders around the Royal Forest looking for easy prey in the form of
naive Free-Range Eggs that he can steal and eat.

Meringue Monster   15910
The Meringue Monster is an abhorrent swamp creature formed from the
organic soup of the Sulfur Swamp.  After seeing this four-foot tall
mound of living egg whites, you may never eat a slice of lemon pie
again.

King Albert Bumen the XII    7906
King Albert Bumen the XII, or King Al to his friends, is the current
reigning monarch of Eggland.  He is a squat little man who looks a bit
like an egg himself.  He is dressed in yellow robes and a white cape,
and wears a crown on his head.  He appears upset about something, most
likely the recent Humpty Dumpty fiasco.

Chef Louis L'Oeuf    7680
It is the Great French Chef, Louis L'Oeuf.  A short, stocky man
dressed in a white hat and apron.  He keeps fidgeting and pulling on
his thin mustache, looking very distraught about something.

Rampaging Omelette    8053
The Rampaging Omelette is a creation of the great French Chef Louis
L'Oeuf,  a masterpiece of culinary magic run amuck.  Standing at well
over seven feet, this undulating mass of egg, cheese, butter, and
herbs smells delicious, but presents an immediate danger to the
kitchen and anyone in the nearby vicinity.

King's Man (eating lunch)     4157
This man was once a proud soldier of King Albert's army, but no more
since the Humpty Dumpty debacle.  When he is not on his lunch break,
this aimless soul wanders Eggland looking for an opportunity to redeem
himself and his pathetic egg reconstruction skills.

Unused Egg (Extra Large)   2643
The Unused Egg is as unremarkable as his environment.  An oval body
begrudgingly bears apathetic facial features.  His gray shell is
hardly discernible from the surrounding mists.  If you have to break a
few eggs to make an omelette, he is the one egg that remains unbroken.

Unused Egg (Small)    983
The Unused Egg is as unremarkable as her environment.  An oval body
begrudgingly bears apathetic facial features.  Her gray shell is
hardly discernible from the surrounding mists.  If you have to break a
few eggs to make an omelette, she is the one egg that remains
unbroken.

Deviled Egg     4701 - 29561
The Deviled Egg is an Egg-Ferno minion, sworn to serve and protect
these unholy realms.  Shelled and bisected, his innards crushed into a
mixture of Dijon mustard and chili powder, his cruelty is a reflection
of his own eternal torment.

Expired Egg (Small)    2252
The Expired Egg is an egg whose time has come and gone.  In her former
life, whenever opportunity knocked, she couldn't muster up enough
energy to walk over to the refrigerator door.  Now, she spends her
afterlife running in an eternal loop, trading her sloth for cowardice.

Expired Egg (Peewee)   1298
The Expired Egg is an egg whose time has come and gone.  In his former
life, whenever opportunity knocked, he couldn't muster up enough
energy to walk over to the refrigerator door.  Now, he spends his
afterlife running in an eternal loop, trading his sloth for cowardice.

Fertilized Egg (Small)    4088
The Fertilized Egg is a corrupt soul, guilty of the sin of insatiable
lust.  In her mortal life she willingly participated in carnal acts of
unspeakable perversion.  Now, in the afterlife, she has been
transformed into an embodiment of unrelenting chicken lust and must
carry a hatchling in her tortured body for an eternity.

Fertilized Egg (Large)   5506
The Fertilized Egg is a corrupt soul, guilty of the sin of insatiable
lust.  In her mortal life she willingly participated in carnal acts of
unspeakable perversion.  Now, in the afterlife, she has been
transformed into an embodiment of unrelenting chicken lust and must
carry a hatchling in her tortured body for an eternity.

Fertilized Egg (Extra Large)  8308
The Fertilized Egg is a corrupt soul, guilty of the sin of insatiable
lust.  In her mortal life she willingly participated in carnal acts of
unspeakable perversion.  Now, in the afterlife, she has been
transformed into an embodiment of unrelenting chicken lust and must
carry a hatchling in her tortured body for an eternity.

Double Yolk Egg (Jumbo)  8313
The Double Yolk Egg is a sinner of massive proportions, guilty of
overindulgence of the pleasures of the palate.  As punishment, she
spends her afterlife wading through a never ending trough of unhealthy
foodstuffs and the consequences of her high fat, high cholesterol
lifestyle.

Overpriced Egg (Extra Large)   9273
The Overpriced Egg comes from a long line of specialty store eggs who
believe that name and legacy is more important than quality.  In her
mortal life she pursued material wealth heedless of its pointless,
transient nature.  Now she spends her afterlife surrounded by the
illusions of an affluent lifestyle, not unlike her former existence.

Grade AA Egg (Jumbo)   8109
The Grade AA Egg is a prime example of beauty and the self-deception
of vanity.  He believes he is superior to others based upon attributes
not earned, but dealt out to him by a game of luck.  He denies the
transient, fickle nature of beauty and has dedicated a lifetime to
pursuing a lost cause.  Now, he spends his afterlife among images of
eggs superior to him in both beauty and value, a lesson in humility
and the pointless nature of a life consumed by vanity.

Grade B Egg (Peewee)   8765
The Grade B Egg is an egg deficient in both size and spirit.
Imprisoned by self-contempt, his mortal life was dominated by a false
conviction that all of his failures and personal problems were the
result of a conspiratorial, universal bias beyond his control, instead
of the inevitable consequences of a lifetime of poor personal
decisions.  Now, he spends his afterlife with his eyes sewn shut, in
an attempt to curb both his covetous nature and his false sense of
entitlement.

Bad Egg (Extra Large)  17428
The Bad Egg is an egg of little patience and much fury.  She prefers
the adrenaline rush of righteous indignation to compassion and spends
so much time indulging in impulsive ignorance that she fails to
understand the negative impact her childish tantrums have on those
around her.  Now she spends eternity tortured by the physical
embodiment of her mortal wrath.

Friar Chicken   16578
Friar Chicken is an actual fryer chicken, as well as the spiritual
leader of the Holy Church of Chicken Faith.  Standing at about five
feet tall he is covered with white and black feathers everywhere
except a tonsure on his head.  Here in Egg-Ferno he conducts his
eternal Auto-Souffle, saving the souls of heretic eggs by torturing
and killing them.

Inquisitor Chicken   25342
The Inquisitor Chicken is a silent minion of Friar Chicken.  He is a
six-foot tall black rooster dressed in matching robes.  Among the most
fanatic and foulest of fowls, this dark-cowled cockerel is more than
willing to crack a few heretic eggs in order to make a Spanish
Omelette Inquisition.

In Vitro Egg (Medium)(Tortured)   71
While most eggs are fertilized by natural processes, the In Vitro Egg
was parented by technology and science.  As such, he chose a mortal
life of chicken denial.  Now, he spends his afterlife as a chained
prisoner and torture victim of the infamous Holy Church of Chicken
Faith, paying eternally for a life of blasphemy and heresy.

Cracked Egg (Small)    18904
The Cracked Egg is an egg of negligible compassion.  He prefers the
sadistic pleasure of hurting others in any way that he can imagine.
As a result of his corruptible mortal indulgences, he now spends his
afterlife in an eternal war zone, suffering through an external
manifestation of his own violence.

Chocolate Egg (Extra Large)   31075
The raw eggs are a physical manifestation of the truth, a reminder of what a
real egg is and what a chocolate egg is not.  The eggs appear to be flowing in a
current, creating a small river of albumen and yolk.

Rotten Egg (Jumbo)    42302
The Rotten Egg is an egg of low scruples, completely unworthy of
anyone's trust.  He prefers to build his relationships upon deceit and
manipulation, sacrificing the general well-being of his fellow eggs
for his own personal gain.  Now, he spends eternity tortured by the
physical embodiment of his mortal treachery.

Million-Year-Old Egg    49640
The Million-Year-Old Egg is probably much older, although he doesn't
look a day over 750,000.  His shell has long ago turned to a
gelatinous sludge coating his semi-transparent, green albumen.  His
yolk sits in the middle of his body, as black as his diabolical soul.
He regards you with mild amusement, most likely wondering what you are
doing in his domain.



Piece of Hard-Boiled Egg 
This is a piece of hard-boiled egg, wise guy.  It's good for you, see?
So stop flapping yer gums, stuff it in your gob, button yer lip and
chew before I pop ya one in the kisser and gives ya a fat lip.

Piece of Omelette
Zis iz a pee-ACE of ohm-LATE: zee AGS wiz zee SHEEZE, flay-VARED wiz
zee AIRBZ and boo-TARE.  Eet lukes vah-HREE tess-TEE, no?

Piece of Over Easy Egg
This is a piece of egg cooked over easy.  It looks delicious, but you
are wary since you don't know exactly where it has been.

Piece of Fried Egg
This is a piece of fried egg, dude.  It's like, all white and yellow,
and, get this, man, it's like you are TOTALLY looking at a complete
microcosm of chicken existence in the palm of your hand.  You
seriously want to nosh it.

Piece of Quiche
This is a piece of quiche, leftover from the lunch of a King's Man.
He didn't eat it because he was a REAL man, but don't let that stop
you; it looks delicious.

Nest Egg (Packed In Tiny Nest)
This is Mother Humpty's nest egg.  She had all of her gold melted down
and remolded into this solid gold egg.  As long as you have no moral
conflicts with stealing retirement funds from an elderly hen, you can
sell this golden egg for some retirement money of your own.
The egg is currently packed in a nest for safe keeping, but you could
unpack it if you wanted to.

Tiny Nest
This is a Tiny Nest.  If you happen to have a small, fragile object
that you needed to protect, this nest would be perfect for packing it.

Nest Egg
This is Mother Humpty's nest egg.  She had all of her gold melted down
and remolded into this solid gold egg.  As long as you have no moral
conflicts with stealing retirement funds from an elderly hen, you can
sell this golden egg for some retirement money of your own.

Rod of Sulfur (enchanted)
The Rod of Sulfur consists of a foot-long, gold-plated shaft, crowned
by an egg-shaped crystal of pure sulfur.  The gemstone glows with a
delicate chartreuse essence and is capable of smiting foes with the
deadly power of sulfur.


