Illuminati Pyramid [Jaxom]
Dirs: Find the wandering Illuminati Pyramid and enter it



              x-x-x
              | | |
              x-x-x
                |
            x   x   x
            |   |   |
          x-x-x-P-x-x-x
            |   |   |
            x   x   x
                |
                E




E: Entrance/Exit
P: secret portal - insert theory into slot 10 times


Monsters:
The All-Seeing Illuminati Pyramid is plotting to destroy the world   95012
For a long time the symbol of the mysterious Bavarian Illuminati, the eye
on the pyramid has worked its way into society in places such as on the
back of the one dollar bill.  There are thirteen steps on the pyramid,
and thirteen stripes on the American Flag, and the number thirteen has
mystical signifigance to many people.  If you don't watch out, however
this creature is quite capable of reducing most adventurers to thirteenth
level.

David Koresh (undead) is on fire   86996
Koresh, the host of the first 48 hour, come one, come all, party till
you die barbecue, is now just a rotting zombie.  Charred flesh sags
off bleached bones and his ash-grey eyes stare at you out of deep
sockets.

A Federal Agent is ready to pump someone full of lead   15524
Massively huge with a completely unnecessary amount of weapons, this
Federal Agent has access to the entire United States Armed Forces.  He
is authorized to 'wreak a lot of havoc and otherwise kill lots of
stuff' ... Beware.  The Federal Agents are under the control of the
Communist Republic of China and Microsoft.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation   62567
The Federal Bureau of Investigation is the investigation and enforcement
branch of the Gestapo... er I mean Federal Government.  They are
responsible for things like Ruby Ridge and the disaster you see before
you.  The FBI is under the control of the Environmentalists and your
parents.

The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (bigoted)   27569
For over 30 years the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms has followed
its guidelines strictly, 'Get you some guns and shoot you some honkeys.'
The Bureau is responsible for beating down any insurgencies that endanger
the Illuminati policies.  Armed with the highest tech equipment available
the proud agents of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms get liquored
up and go out on the town.  The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms
is under the control of the Internal Revenue Service and the Discordian
Society.

Janet Reno is dressed up in combat briefs   44856
The most masculine woman in America, Janet Reno stands up for her version
of Justice.  If anyone gets in her way, she rolls over them.  By leading
witch hunts against other Illuminatis and strangely enough against internal
Illuminati groups, she manages to turn the public suspicion away from the
most vital internal projects.  Janet Reno is under the control of the
Phillipino Liberation Party and the Girl Scouts.

Richard Nixon is covering it up   41729
Nixon's presidency resulted in the great enigma of Watergate.  At first
glance, Watergate has something to do with some presidential hanky-panky
or some goings on at the Watergate hotel, however the correlations between
Watergate and the Hoover Dam have not been thoroughly explored.  Whatever
it is that Nixon was trying to cover up, it was necessary for him to go
back in time and hide it under this dam.  Nixon is under the control of
the Chinese and the Knights' Guild.

Lee Harvey Oswald is going to shoot Kennedy   44397
Supposedly the lone gunman at the assassination of John Fitzgerald
Kennedy, Oswald claimed up until his death that he was innocent.
Many theories surround Oswald, as to whether it was physically possible
for Oswald to fire his bolt action rifle fast enough to match the
recorded gunshots at the assassination.  Other theories abound about
the so called 'magic bullets' which Oswald surely must have stolen
from the Fantasy Realm prior to the day of infamy.  Oswald is under
the influence of Fidel Castro and the Central Intelligence Agency.

Forrest Gump is lost in nostalgia   32612
Forrest symbolizes the era of "The Good Ol' Times" when everything was
right and good.  By fleecing the public into believing that there is
some way to return to the glorious old days, the Bavarian Illuminati
succeeds in pacifying the public and decreasing unrest.  Forrest is
rumored to be controlled by the Liberal Newsmedia and the Gnomes of
Zurich.  Forrest may be dumb, but don't ever call him slow.

The Public School Conspiracy is brainwashing the children   47214
The Public School Conspiracy runs the indoctrination department of the
Bavarian Illuminati.  Controlled by the Post Office and the Trekkies,
it is responsible for the incompetence of the general population,
as well as raising the general level of cynicism which diverts attention
away from the Illuminati's most private circles.

Bill Clinton is cheating on his taxes   43163
Bill Clinton's flashy smile and suave manners have earned him a place in
American history.  Known by generations to come as the Kleenex President,
the scandals in the latter part of his presidency brought the country to
its knees, and incidentally the Illuminati's worth increased to 85% of the
gross worth of the planet.  Bill Clinton is under the direct control of
Hillary Clinton.

Hillary Clinton is manipulating the voters   42073
Hillary Clinton is considered to be the woman behind the President, she
is responsible for several parts of his daily routine, including but not
limited to dictating his every policy, controlling his life, and ruining
the country.  Hillary's influence on the government was responsible for
the Great Depression of 1997, as well as the world's largest shortage of
ego.  Hillary Clinton is rumored to be under the control of the Gay
Activists and the Nuclear Power Companies.

The Liberal Newsmedia is reporting the news (selective)   48564
The Liberal Newsmedia are responsible for degrading the values of honor
and justice in today's society.  They are under the control of the Space
Aliens and the John Birch Society.  Their ability to set the agenda of
modern society gives them an incredible power over minds and direction
of current events.

Bjorne the Lovable Purple Viking Dinosaur (cuddly)   42391
Bjorne the Lovable Purple Viking Dinosaur may well be the bane of man.
Loved by children, feared by anyone with hormones, this dinosaur is
responsible for vegetating the minds of youth as well as predisposing
them towards the Illuminati's plans.

The Network Television Conspiracy is invading every home   41793
Network television is huge and powerful and mysterious.  How the heck
can it be free, there's no way that all those advertising dollars add
up.  Answer?  Who knows.. that's why it's a mystery.

The Grand High Illuminatus of the Discordian Society    48919
The Grand High Illuminatus of the Discordian Society is a baffling creature
to view.  Formed of the very substance of a higher dimension, it shifts and
shimmers in and out of phase.  At periods, faces and other extremeties can
be seen to take shape out of the protoplasmic mass, only to melt away in
seconds.  This creature is immensely ancient, it has done nothing for the
past few centuries but sit and plot and manipulate the world into becoming
a product of its unknown agenda.



Items:
Pyramidical Amulet
This Pyramidical Amulet is crafted out of a silvery metal with an
obsidian eye set into the top.  There are thirteen steps set into
the sides, and it is approximately 3 inches across.  The amulet
thrums with a slight energy, if you wore it, you could gaze into
the amulet to find out the powers it contains.  Be careful, the
power within this amulet might not be easy to control at first.

Heavy Automatic Machine Gun (illuminated)
Blessed by the mighty Bavarian Illuminati, this gun is a high-caliber
machine gun capable of red-misting a rabbit at 300 yards.

Federal Agent Body Armour
This is standard Federal Agent Body Armour worn by all Federal
Agents while in the field.

A Swedish Steel sword (sparkly)
This finely crafted sword was forged in the depths of Sweden. It is
rumored to have the ability to make everything sparkly.

Sniper Rifle (illuminated)
Blessed by the mighty Bavarian Illuminati, this rifle is pinpoint accurate
and a favorite of Illuminati agents when precision is necessary.

Illuminati Conspiracy Theory
This is a piece of the Illuminati Conspiracy Theory.

Scarab of Dimension Doors (glowing)
Jet black with streaks of mithril inlaid in elaborate designs, this scarab
is a powerful magical artifact.  Forged in the depths of the Underworld,
it is rumored to give the wearer the ability to create magical gates to
allow transport from one location to another.  The magical gate remains
open for but a few moments, then the magic becomes unstable and dissipates.

