Isle of Ao [Rumor]
Dirs: Wayhaven, 7w, 8s, e, charter ao

      B
       \
        x
       / \
      1   x-3-x
     /|   |/| |\
    x x---2-x-4 E
    | |   |/ \
  7-6 x---8   5
   \      |  /
    x     9 D
     \    |  \
      x---A---C
      |
      x



1: Krug
2: Sqeek
3: Mollig
4: Faelst
5: Zaubernuss
6: Gesundheit
7: Ubel
8: Widerlich
9: Fly (or use rong of levitation)
   Aasgeier
A: enter, 2u
   bow pooki for a +1 wis boost
   kneel pooki - to start Crystals of Ao (quest)
   proffer crystals - to end quest
B: boat back to Wayhaven
C: Phester
   Search grass for Luerk
   Search corner in Luerk's room for Ebonite Marble
D: Spuue
   Slide drop to get to Maelicious and Gibbergeist
E: Dragon Labyrinth


Krug   36851
This bleary-eyed goblin looks like he has been drinking goblin ale,
buckets full, from the smell of him. Drool dribbles from the corners
of his slack-jawed mouth and his pink eyes are rimmed in a dark red
color that doesn't look at all healthy. His nose twitches regularly,
as if some dim part of his senses remain, trying to tell him just how
bad he stinks and how desperately he needs to sober up. He wears the
torn remains of a leather jerkin and codpiece, covering just enough of
his scaly green hide to avoid being truly obscene.

Sqeek     48553
This thieving little goblin likes nothing better than to steal
trinkets from his fellow goblins whenever he thinks he can get away
with it. Chances are he'll see you as easy meat. His eyes flit
greedily over your person, assauging just how much you might be worth,
and how best to deprive you of that figure. He constantly rubs his
filthy green hands together, apparently in anticipation of his crime.
He wears a ratty overcoat that hangs down past his scabby knees and
its pockets appear to be bulging. Probably full of goodies he's stolen
recently.

Mollig    41384
This bulky goblin isn't much more than five feet tall, but must weigh
at least three hundred pounds. His porcine features include hanging
jowls, beady pink eyes and a snout that takes up the majority of his
face. Two tusks protrude from the corners of his puckered mouth that
look sharp enough to do some serious damage in close quarters. His
mottled body is garbed in ragged leathers and protected by his
traditional goblin army shield and spear.

Faelst    56310
This foul creature looks as if he is covered in buckets of slime.
Slick droplets of goo coat his green hide and seem to ooze from his
over-sized pores. His pink eyes gleam as he looks you over and his
wide nostrils flare upon every labored breath. His rotten teeth show
as his mouth seems to be left perpetually open, apparently to better
allow him to breathe. He is clothed in drab gray leathers that cover
most of his torso, but little else. Wiry black hair sprouts from his
head, arms, and legs and the droplets of slime hang from the ends,
waiting to be shaken free.

Zaubernuss     49168
This ancient female goblin wears a permanent scowl on her haggard
face. Her hair is long and gray, hanging from her scaly green scalp in
greasy clumps. Her hunched back stoops her over in a posture that
makes her resemble a carrion crow, hungry for dead flesh. Her rotting
yellow teeth show from between her chapped purplish lips and her milky
pink eyes seem to nearly burn a hole through you with the intensity of
her gaze. Her hands end in long, unkept, claw-like nails that look
capable of gouging your eyes out and she clasps a crooked green wand
that looks a bit menacing.

Gesundheit    51342
This poor goblin looks violently ill. His green skin is mottled a
sickly brown and puss oozes from open sores covering his face and
arms. His slitted pink eyes are puffy, almost swollen shut, and his
bulbous nose seems to run constantly. His gaunt chest heaves with
every painful breath and he seems to look at you with bitter hatred.
As if you are the cause of his suffering. He wears a ragged loincloth
and what might be the remains of a pair of boots. He is wielding a
long spear and looks as if he'd happily kill you with it if you
tempted him.

Ubel    48417
Standing over seven feet tall and weighing at least 400 pounds, this
goblin is one of the largest you've ever seen. Tufts of white hair
stand out wildly from atop his dark green scalp and his bright red
eyes seem to blaze as he looks upon you. Unlike most goblins, Ubel is
far from unintelligent. Having once studied with the Mages of old,
Ubel went on to become a priest to his kind. Having learned a great
deal of magic during his apprenticeship, Ubel was torn between his
fellow goblins and the Mages they escaped from when they came to the
Isle of Ao. He now practices his arcane art in relative obscurity,
sworn to protect the interests of the goblins and driven quite mad by
his abandonment of the Mages that guided him.

Widerlich    46000
This abomination still vaguely resembles a goblin, but he has been
horribly mutated. Not being known as an attractive breed in the first
place, this creature seems to have grown spikes along his back and
chest and an elongated snout on his face to further add to his hideous
appearance. His red eyes glare at you in utter madness as his spikes
bristle in annoyance. Poison drips from the ends of the spikes,
steaming and hissing as it falls onto the ground at his feet. The
scaly green skin around his snout looks raw and swollen and his thin
mouth is curled in a permanent snarl beneath. His hands end in long
unkept claws that look capable of tearing you limb from limb.

Aasgeier    45521
This bizarre creature stands on two powerful legs when earthbound, but
spends most of his time flying. Unlike most of his comrades, Aasgeier
has a pair of leathery wings growing from his shoulder blades that
extend the length of his scaly body. In flight, these membranous wings
have a span of over eight feet, giving him an eerie resemblance to a
giant bat. These wings end in small hook-like claws on both top and
bottom, giving Aasgeier a fearsome arsenal when coupled with his
four-clawed hands and feet and his ability to attack from above.

Phester     58223
This lanky goblin has pale green skin and long black hair that covers
the majority of his head and body. Dark yellow eyes sit just over his
long snout and his ears lie flat atop his head. Sharp but rotten teeth
protrude from his jaw and his hands end in equally dangerous-looking
claws. He is clothed in filthy rags and a pair of boots that are
probably stolen. He is armed with a wicked-looking spear and you can
bet that he knows how to use it.

Spuue     36126
Spuue barfs up a load of pink and green liquid all over the ground.
This wretched creature is known as Spuue. He got this monikor from his
rather nasty habit of vomiting on a regular basis. It seems he has a
bad stomach and vomiting makes him feel better. Comfort aside, his
vomiting hasn't earned him many friends or admirers, even in the
company of goblins. He is covered in wet pink chunks of vomit from
head to toe and he smells terrible. Just being near him is enough to
make you queasy. He wears a soiled loincloth over his sickly frame and
fresh vomit oozes from his thick green lips.

Maelicious    93365
This goblin stands well over seven feet in height, his golden eyes
glaring down at you from above. Well armoured both naturally from his
thick green hide as well as by his worn equipment, Maelicious poses a
serious threat to anyone hoping to pass him into the inner sanctum of
Gibbergeist. Wielding a goblin spear and looking eager for blood, he
is known by all of Ao's denizens as a goblin to be feared. His taut
muscles are clenched as he guards his lord within and spittle drools
down from his partially open mouth, wetting his chest and making him
look quite mad.

Luerk    61191
This squat green-skinned creature has beady yellow eyes and slitted
nostrils that resemble a snake's. Three small horns protrude from his
lumpy, misshapened forehead and the ragged hole that is his mouth is
full of rotting teeth. Both his hands and feet have four dirty claws
attached and his filthy loincloth and jerkin barely cover his scaly
hide. He smells horrendous.

Gibbergeist    97075
Possibly the most fearless Goblin General in the history of the Goblin
Army, Gibbergeist survived the century old Mage Wars only to wind up
an outcast on the Isle of Ao. Driven from the mainland by the threat
of annihilation once their Dark Mage leaders were defeated, he wound
up bringing his remaining tribe to the island and has remained here
ever since. While the tribe follows him to this day, he has been
driven insane by the island's dark magic, oblivious to their lack of
aging, their loss of speech and their inability to return home. His
knotted ponytail of white hair sits high atop his pale green scalp. He
wears platemail over his massive upper body and wields a huge
double-bladed axe. His yellow eyes regard you coldly and his pointed
teeth are bared in obvious aggression.

Ophidian Worker      95137
This green Ophidian is tasked with mining the tunnels of the Labyrinth
for minerals to be used for fuel. Its skin is scaly and covered in
dust and grime from the hard work it does every day buried deep in the
underground caverns. It looks tired and beaten, but still wouldn't
hesitate to kill any intruders that wandered into the caves.

Ophidian Warrior     144996
This creature's blue skin designates it as a member of the warrior
caste within Ophidian society. Larger and more agile than its green
worker brethren, this snakeman's duty is to protect those workers,
killing any intruders it finds within the Labyrinth. It brandishes a
long wooden pike and is garbed head-to-toe in leather armour.

Ophidian General      275209
This monstrous snakeman is one of the leaders of the tribe. Its status
is easily recognized by its glistening red scales. As large as the
warriors, it also is armed with a highly venomous bite and a
wicked-looking sword. Armored from sleek head to clawed toe, this
creature represents the very finest and most dangerous the Ophidians
have to offer in warriors.

Ophidian Shaman     129491
This gold Ophidian stares at you with bright green eyes full of a dark
intelligence. It is cloaked in a long red garment decorated with
golden symbols. The scaly hands extending from the sleeves of the robe
are long and clawed. Its angular face regards you with mild curiosity
mixed with a hard look of violent intent. This shaman heals its
Ophidian brethren, but will have no mercy on you.

Ophidian Guardian      265055
This monstrous creature is as black as night and easily over seven
feet in stature. Its hypnotic green eyes regard you coldly and its
tongue continually slithers out of its wide mouth, as if tasting the
air for the flavor of your fear. It wields a long thin whip and is
well armoured. Its sworn duty is to protect the masters of the
Labyrinth. You'll have to best this snakeman if you wish to live until
tomorrow.

Char, the Fire Dragon of Ao     647620
You look upon one of the most ancient and feared creatures in the
realm of Fantasy's great history. Char, the Fire Dragon of Ao. Born
thousands of years ago, this dragon once terrorized the lands,
plundering its treasures and razing its cities. He came to sleep
beneath the Isle of Ao only after running out of amusements on the
mainland, finding this lair hundreds of years before you were born. He
dwarfs you, one of his clawed feet is larger than the whole of your
body. His dark red scales glisten in the firelight of the cave and his
molten eyes stare down at you with regal disdain.

Ophidian Tracker     167088
This bronze Ophidian is lanky and lean, standing as tall as a man, but
much thinner. Its eyes regard you with a look full of guile and
cunning. This snakeman is a tracker, a leader of hunting parties. It
will hunt its prey without hesitation and rarely misses a chance to
kill. It is experienced in combat, a fact well documented by the dents
and scratches apparent in the shield strapped to its left arm.

Lixvius, the Sea Dragon of Ao    649737
This monstrous creature is the ancient sea dragon of Ao, one of four
dragons that once terrorized the mainland before settling in this
Labyrinth to slumber through the centuries. Her green scales glitter
in the dark confines of this lair, their hard surface slick with
moisture. Her golden eyes are slit open, just enough to look down upon
you, regarding your presence with simmering hatred. Muscles ripple in
her massive frame, her feet clawed and flexing as they prepare to
defend her horde. Every time she opens her mouth to exhale the hot
breath that heats these passages, you catch sight of hundreds of
razor-sharp teeth.

Nimbus, the Sky Dragon of Ao    652288
This fearsome creature is the ancient sky dragon of Ao. Long ago, he
ravaged the lands of Fantasy, bringing death from above to all that
stood in his path. For the past several centuries he has slumbered
here in the Labyrinth, content to doze atop his mountain of plundered
riches. It looks like you've awakened him. His globe-like eyes stare
at you, calmly measuring you as you stand before him. His blue scales
shine brightly in the sunlight, his thick spiked tail wrapped around
his muscular body, poised to strike you at any moment. His forked
tongue occasionally licks its way along his gleaming white teeth,
giving the appearance he is eager to taste your flesh.

Stygion, the Stone Dragon of Ao   747288
The mightiest of the four Dragons of Ao, Stygion stands before you in
dark majesty. His scales are the purest black, the color so deep, his
body seems to be a hole in the very fabric of reality. He towers above
his mountain of riches, his size dwarfing you, leaving you feeling
like a mere mouse in the presence of a monster of such gigantic
proportions. Every swish of his massive spiked tail creates a wind
that knocks you off your feet. Every blast of fire from his enormous
mouth bakes the very ground on which you stand. This creature is so
powerful, so ancient, he leaves most that observe him in frozen awe.
And in that state, he destroys them with nary a thought.

Ophidian Hunter    351464
This Ophidian roams the hunting grounds looking for prey. You're as
good as any, so be on your guard. Its black scales make it nearly
invisible in the darkness of these tunnels. Wielding a long whip and
wearing thick armor on its midsection, this creature is more than
capable of killing you if you aren't prepared for a fight. It carries
a stack of pelts draped across one shoulder, is yours next?

Choker      95372
This nasty underground predator is covered in mottled grey flesh and
is vaguely humanoid in appearance. It stands about eight feet tall,
but has a very small body, its height made almost completely by its
extremely long legs. It is skeletal, having very little body fat, its
bones protruding noticeably along its spine and ribcage. Its most
startling feature are its arms. They are actually huge tentacles,
measuring over nine feet in length and ending in claws bearing large
spiny pads that help it climb the cave walls and ceiling as well as
choke its intended victims.




Goblin ale
This is a jug of foul smelling, bubbling, goblin ale.
[100/100 Heal]

Goblin Spear
This four foot long wooden spear has a sharp iron-tipped head and
an iron tailspike to match. The wood is roughly hewn, as if taken
straight from the tree with little fanfare or thought towards
craftsmanship. The iron tip is a sharpened blade approximately six
inches long and the tailspike is half that size, sharpened as well
to act as a second means of attack. This weapon was made by goblin
ironsmiths and is standard issue for most Goblin troops.

Goblin Shield
This round shield is made of some unknown hammered
metal and has a leather strap on the inside allowing
its bearer to wear it into battle. The shield is
designed with a red background and two black axes
crossed atop the red field. This is the ensignia of
an ancient batallion of Goblin warriors that disappeared
from the mainland following the Mage Wars. This shield
is very old, but still looks capable of offering good
protection.

random ring
[ring of levitation]

A Poison wand
A Poison wand. You may be able to use it, if you know the command word.
To use this wand you must hold it.

Goblin Robe
This flowing robe is made from a heavy solid black material
of unknown origin. It is quite large, looking like it was
made for a creature of at least seven feet in height. It clips
around the neck and covers its wearer from neck to ankle. It
once belonged to a powerful magic user and seems to retain some
measure of magical protection.

Ebonite Staff (enchanted)
This nine foot staff is made of solid black ebonite, forged by the
Mages of old and given to only to those apprentices that prove
themselves adept at the arcane art of magic. Silver runes are engraved
along the staff, decorating it from end to end in a language unknown
to you. The staff feels light in your hands, yet strong. It seems to
vibrate slightly, as if it holds a magic of its own within its inky
black surface.

Goblin Gauntlets
These lightweight gauntlets cover the wearer's hands and arms
in a metal coated with a magical white powder. The powder is
said to offer superior protection against acidic damage and seems
to have made these gauntlets surprisingly good armour. The
gauntlets are slightly larger than a pair ideally suited for a
man, obviously created for the goblins that gave them their name.
Painted in blood upon each is the image of a raging dragon in flight,
spitting acid at a cowering warrior beneath.

Beaked Helmet
This funny looking helmet is made from scraps of leather
and fur attached to a thick metal frame that surrounds the
head and extends out over the nose like a giant beak.
Although the result is the wearer looking more than a
little ridiculous, it provides excellent protection from
the elements and anyone attempting to batter the wearer's
head. Go ahead, put it on. No one will laugh...much.

Goblin Boots
These heavy leather boots are remnants from the Mage Wars. Worn
by the soldiers of the Goblin Army, these boots were crafted by
dark elves on the orders of Erthorpion. Now ancient, they still
seem to be in relatively good shape, offering fair protection to
anyone that wears them. They are black in color and have metal
plates in the heel and toe for added strength. They look larger
than any boot made for a man, which makes sense considering the
size of a typical goblin's feet.

Energy Amulet
This magical amulet is stolen booty from the time of the Mage Wars.
Worn by the elven forces supporting the Light Mages, this amulet
was designed to offer maximum protection against the spells of
Strahd and his undead horde. Many of these magical treasures were
lost in the aftermath of the destruction of that time. Items were
stolen by looters, taken as war prizes or buried with the dead. This
particular piece seems to still be in excellent condition. Made of
shining mithril and hung on a thickly woven leather string, it indeed
looks to be quite a find.

Skulkarver (enchanted)
Three feet of absolute menace. This nasty double-headed battle axe
looks like it could easily split a skull in two. Hence the name given
it by its original goblin owner. The axe heads gleam with razor-sharp
precision and the wooden handle has the kind of heft only a true warrior
can manage with any degree of skill. The handle is deeply stained with
the blood of all those it's chopped down in its long history and it is
so large it takes both hands to wield it in battle.

Goblinmail
This enchanted platemail was created for the generals of the Goblin
Armies during the Mage Wars. Crafted from the strongest metals and
held together with the finest leather, this armour serves its wearer
well. Before being given to the Goblins, it was infused with magic by
Dark Mage Adepts. This magic made the armour not only more durable,
but more reliable against the powers the Goblins had to face from the
Light Mages in battle. The armour has a few nicks and scars from the
combat it's seen over the past century or more, but it still looks
very functional.

Ophidian Pickax
This pickax is used for breaking the rock of the
Labyrinth's caverns. Ophidian workers use these tools
until they're too dull to function, only to replace
them with another. While you aren't likely to face that
drudgery yourself, you might still find some use for
this tool as a weapon.

Aon Pike
This weapon consists of a sharp metal head at the
end of a long wooden pole. The pole is notched and
scratched but still looks like it is solid enough
to wield. The head is made of Aon, a strong metal
that is mined from the Isle of Ao.

Aon Battle-Axe
Made from the precious black ore known as Aon, this
huge weapon is capable of doing massive amounts of
damage, but it is rather crudely crafted. Unlike the
fine Aon blades wielded by Ophidian generals, this
axe was intended for the lower caste warriors and is
therefore, not as well designed nor as dangerous.

Aon Helmet
This helmet is made from the shiny black ore known
as aon. The helmet fits closely to its wearer's scalp,
covering the ears and partially obscuring the forehead.
On either side of the helmet is the gold emblem of a
dragon, its wings open as if it were about to take
flight.

Shaman Robe
This long red garment covers its wearer from neck to
ankle. Made from some type of animal hide, it's been
treated and dyed until it now looks like a very well
crafted robe. It is decorated with golden symbols and
was once worn by an ophidian shaman. It looks like it
would provide excellent protection.

Flesh Whip (enchanted)
This whip was crafted from the shed skin of
an Ophidian warrior. Twisted, cured, and then
enchanted by a shaman, the skin is now over
five feet in length, very flexible, and quite
strong. This weapon looks like it packs quite
a sting when wielded correctly.

Red Crystal of Ao
This large red crystal glows with a soft brilliance.
Beautifully cut, it seems to possess a magic aura.
Perhaps this ancient gem is part of a larger mystery.

Aon Shield
Formed from the black ore known as aon, this long
oval-shaped shield is meant to protect its possessor
from virtually any form of frontal attack. Etched in
gold along the front of the shield is an emblem of a
crouching dragon, its eyes glaring toward its foe.
The shield is dented and scratched, a testament to
its blood-soaked history.

Aon Bracers
These bracers are made from the shiny black ore
known as aon. Mined from deep beneath its island
namesake, this ore is transformed into wonderfully
protective armour and razor-sharp weapons by the
Ophidian craftsman that dwell in the recesses of
the caves from which the ore is drawn. This armour
looks like it would protect your hands and arms
quite well.

Green Crystal of Ao
This large green crystal glows with a soft brilliance.
Beautifully cut, it seems to possess a magic aura.
Perhaps this ancient gem is part of a larger mystery.

Blue Crystal of Ao
This large blue crystal glows with a soft brilliance.
Beautifully cut, it seems to possess a magic aura.
Perhaps this ancient gem is part of a larger mystery.

Shaman Amulet
This sparkling jeweled amulet hangs from a necklace of
twisted black leather. The jewel itself is deep green
in hue and it reflects light in a dazzling display that
glints in the eye of the beholder. It was created and
worn by an Ophidian shaman. Its purpose was to focus the
shaman's magic while protecting it from similar forces.

Aon Blade (enchanted)
This sleek blade was crafted from the finest aon.
The black ore was smelted and formed until this
black sword was born. Honed to a wicked edge, a
talented swordsman could do quite well with this
weapon. Engraved in the pommel at the end of the
sword's grip is the terrible eye of a dragon,
gazing back at you with a look of cold hatred.

Heart of Christos
This decomposing heart was once responsible for pumping
the life-blood of one of Fantasy's most devious dark mages,
Christos Perfidios. It appears that the dark mage is dead.
Many of the realm would say good riddance.


