chaos, 4e

       1
       |\
       | x              3-u
       |
       x-x-x       S      d
       | | |       |      |
       x-x-x     x-x-x    4
         | |       |
         x-x   x-x-2
           |   | | |
         x-x-x-x-x-x
           |
           x
           |
          -x



1: search grill (a location for a mop)
2: enter door (north)
3: Tattoo Artist
4: Jag
   search papers - paperclip
   pick lock
   open drawer
   search drawer

Dozer the doorman       45939
A large man standing in at over 6'3 and weighing in at over 400 pounds.
He wears a faded jean jacket, blue jeans, and a dirty white tee-shirt. A
large chain runs from his belt loops to his wallet.  The standard dress
of a Biker.  Dozer has been doing this job for over 10 years, and has
stayed this long from not taking shit off anyone.  His skill at fighting
is as scary as his appearance.

Judy the ditzy hussie    32363
Judy is a worn out woman in her late twenties.  Her hair is done up in
that usual trashy bleach blonde, poodle-curl look.  She is well known
among the patrons in the bar for having the least brains in the place.

Jimmy the denim clad Biker    33913
Jimmy is an average looking person unlike a lot of patrons of this bar.
He favors denim over the biker standard of leather.  His jeans, jacket
and hat are all made of faded denim.  Jimmy is a regular here and can
always be found shooting a game of pool with his favorite beer in his
hand.

Tiny, who isn't so tiny    42908
This abnormally large hulk of a man stands head and shoulders above
anyone else in the bar.  It's obvious his friends have a good sense of
humor to refer to him as Tiny.  He's dressed in jeans, a white
tee-shirt, some black boots and a long wallet sticking out of his
pocket.  The wallet has a chain attached to it that runs to his jeans.

John Connor, the delinquent biker   31027
John is a small boy of about twelve years of age.  He has long, oiled
back blonde hair and dressed in a fancy denim outfit.  You have to
wonder what standards this bar has as to let an underage kid in here.

Richie the stoned biker     33410
Richie is a dark and gloomy man in his late twenties.  Smoke seems to
come off of him like a fog and judging by the grin on his face, he is
pretty trashed.  He is often found in the company of Sharon and Tony,
getting high, and making asses out of themselves every night.

Sharon the stoned Hussie     40555
A tall and skinny woman who looks much older than her 21 years of age.
The effects of smoking so much weed and cigarettes has really brought
her down.  Her hair is long and stringy and appears to have not been
washed in quite a long time.  Her eyes have extremely dark circles and
are puffed out and baggy.  All in all, a sad sight.

Clarissa the dancing hussie   17319
This used up waste of a woman spends all her time here in front of the
jukebox trying to dance.  Her movements are quite grostesque in nature
consisting of unusual hand movements with her thumbs sticking up,
followed by stupid little front kicks.  She's very protective of the
juke box behind her, and the only way you're going to stop the noise is
by putting this ho out of her misery.

Snake the badass biker   56241
This mass of a man stands six feet eight inches tall and tips scale at
over 300 pounds of rock solid muscle.  Snake has a very nasty reputation
in the biker circles and no one in their right mind would mess with him.
He is also well known for wearing spiked gloves that have disfigured
many a face in his time.

Hackney the old Biker     34893
John Hackney is pretty far into his advancing years.  You would guess he
has been cooking here for quite some time.  He works with a speed and
expertise unmatched by most grill cooks these days.  He takes great
pride both in his work, and in his kitchen.

Bullfrog the bartender    50134
This man has eyes of cold steel and one ugly ass face.  His face is
round and wide and his nose is bashed in giving him a very unhuman look.
He is not very friendly with people in general, and he definitely
doesn't like to deal with the likes of you.

Tony the pot dealer    41368
Tony is a tall slender man in his early thirties.  He wears a goatee
beard with a thin pencil line mustache.  His eyes are dark and droopy,
probably from the years of smoking too much pot.  He is well known in
biker circles for having the best shit people can get their hands on.

Jason the nappy haired biker    48897
Jason is one of the younger patrons of the bar.  He is well known for
his hair, an eight inch thick fro that is unkept and quite nappy.
Despite his hairs messy appearance, he is dressed very well in
contemporary clothing.

Russel the skinhead biker    43017
Russel is a rather large man standing six feet six inches tall and
weighs in at about three hundred pounds.  He earned his name from always
having a shaved head.  His attitude is that of what you would expect
from a skinhead, mean and nasty!

Larry the drunk biker   47959
Larry has long greasy hair that runs down to his shoulders.  He is in
his usual intoxicated state and staggers around quite a bit.  His arms
are covered with some very extravagant tattoo work and he is constantly
showing off his 'arm art'.

Mia the coked-up Hussie   33005
Mia is a tall skinny woman in her early 20's.  Her hair is heavily
moussed and she is wearing way too much makeup on her face.  She moves
and talks very fast as her addiction to the coke has gotten the best of
her.

Owen the redneck biker    44757
This is probably one of the dirtiest and sloppiest men you have ever
laid your eyes on.  He is dressed in a filthy jeans, a brown stained
tee-shirt covered with a faded checkered flannel shirt.  Overtop of all
that is a cruddy looking vest.  His face is also dirty and there looks
to be dried up snot stuck on his mouth.

Jag - Owner of the bar and grill    84518
Jag is a tall, heavy-set man in his mid-forties.  His hair is long and
stringy and his body is covered with tattoos.  He is well known in the
biker circles for having the fastest motorcycle ever known.  He opened
this bar shortly after his retirement from his last gang and has enjoyed
modest success from the bar.

Michael Tarino the Tattoo Artist
Michael is well known in the Biker Gang circles for doing the best
artwork for years past.  He is a true craftsman at his work and has been
doing it for the better part of 25 years.  His own body, what you can
see of it, is well covered with tattoos of his own.  He could even do
some work for you if you asked him nicely enough.  Being that he is the
best tattoo artist around, his prices aren't cheap!


Dozer's Crowbar
This is Dozer's crowbar.  He's used this many times to keep the unwanted
visitors from entering Jag's.  It is 3 feet long, very thick and weighs
over 20 pounds.  It would make a very formidable weapon.

A D'jeep lighter
A short, wide lighter.  The pot-heads in Jags use for their smoking
because of its long life compared to other lighters.  The only problem
you have with this lighter, is that it will not work at all unless you
you have a bowl and some weed to use it with.

A vial of weed
A small 35mm film canister containing some of the sweetest buds you've
ever smelled in your life.  If you had a bowl you could 'pack' some of
this stuff in and have yourself a great time.

A pair of Biker sunglasses
A pair of sunglasses.  The frames are very heavy and sturdy. The lenses
are mirrored, allowing you to see clearly while hiding your eyes.  You
would probably feel very cool wearing them.

A Very Clean Mop
A very, very clean mop.  It almost seems to shimmer with its own
cleanliness.  You could mop up an ocean with this beauty and still it
could mop more.  A curious thing indeed to find here.

A steel key
This is a steel key, it will probably unlock a door.

Biker hat
A short leather biker hat.  It is black leather with a lot of lines and
cracks in it showing its age.  You have to wonder how cool you would
look and feel in this hat.

A small metallic bowl
A small pipe made of crude plumbing joints.  The stem just below
the elbow joint is very wide.  If you had some weed, you could
'pack' some in this pipe and have yourself a great time.

Biker clothes
These clothes are made entirely of leather.  You wonder how cool you
would feel wearing these threads.  They look a little aged, but very
comfortable.

An eight inch switchblade
An eight inch switchblade.  The outer casing is made of chrome and onyx.
A small button on the front of it will flip or retract the blade into
position.

A wooden pool cue
A shiny wooden pool cue.  It's perfectly straight and you would shoot an
awesome game of pool if you had the chance to.  It works equally well as
a weapon since you will not be playing pool anytime soon.

Biker boots
A rough set of Biker Boots.  They are quite heavy and reach up past your
ankles.  The boots are black in color and have heavy duty laces.  The
soles are made of very tough and thick leather.

Biker gloves
A pair of black Biker gloves.  The gloves are made of heavy leather and
are adorned with chrome spikes on all the fingers.  They could pack
quite a punch and protect your hands very well.

Biker jacket
This jacket is made of very heavy leather.  It is black in color with a
bright chrome colored zipper in the front.  On the back, is a large
emblem of an eagle in flight.

A set of keys
The keys to Jag's fancy chopper.  You've waited a long time to get your
hands on these things.  If you're feeling cool enough and up to it, you
could probably take his bike now.

A feather dart
This is a massive dart of seven inches in length.  The feathers are
multi-colored and add just the right amount of weight to the end of it
to make it a very accurate instrument.  While you waste your time
playing darts with this thing, it serves very well as a weapon if you
'hurl' it at an enemy.

A paper clip
An ordinary paper clip.  This one is rather old as it is uneven and a
little rusted.

