chaos,w,n,twist knob
42 rooms

         x-x-x-x
               |
   x-x-x-x-x-G-x
   |
   x-x-x-x-x-x-x
               |
   x-x-x-x-x-x-x
   |
   x-x-x-x-x-x-x
               |
   E-x-x-x-x-x-x


G: gate
   turn light on
   open door

Fuzzy Squirrel    385
The squirrel flicks his bushy tail around while sniffing
the air. His favorite pastimes are eating gumdrops and
jelly beans and playing with the rabbits on the mountain.
This squirrel is brown and very fuzzy.

Furry Bunny Rabbit   398
The bunny rabbit wiggles his little tail around while
sniffing the air. His favorite pastimes are eating
gumdrops and jelly beans and playing with the squirrels on
the mountain. This bunny rabbit is blue and very furry.

Marshmallow Fluff Swamp Monster    7230
This jolly white fellow is permanently attached to the
marshmallow fluff that he lives in. He is a big blob of
white, sticky fluff with a ready smile and friendly eyes.
Around his neck, he wears a green and red polka-dot tie.
The lower part of his body melts into the fluff swamp
keeping him in place. He enjoys morphing into other things
and spending time with frogs and cute jelly bears that
come to visit him.

Grandma P. Nut   15031
Grandma P. Nut is the nicest woman that lives on Kandy
Mountain. Her curly red hair is gently pulled back into a
bun and a blue bonnet with white lace protects her face
from the sun. Her skin is porcelain white and her big blue
eyes rest gently on you. She is short and on the plump
side. She wears a blue and white dress which matches her
bonnet perfectly. Her sausage-link fingers firmly grasp a
small basket as she spends her days tending to her candy
garden. On her feet are a pair of wooden clogs.

Plummy    9826
Plummy is a squat, chubby, green monster that guards and
tends to the sugarplum trees in the park. He is covered
with green fur and wears a pink necklace with a large,
plum-colored jewel that dangles from it. He sports a long
green moustache that hangs down to his broad chest. He has
a high-pitched, cartoon voice and a friendly smile. His
feet are bare, save for the fur.

Sergeant Pepper Mint   18634
Sergeant Pepper Mint is a tall, thin man who is dressed
head to toe in pastel pink and kandy kane-striped clothes.
He is wearing little pink boots on his feet and kandy
kane-striped stockings on his pencil-thin legs. His bushy
hair is the color and texture of cotton candy. He wears
pink gloves on his hands and a pink sash across his bony
chest. His button red nose stands out prominently on his
face, as do the two pink circles of color in his cheeks.
He proudly carries a kandy kane stick around like an
orchestral conductor. He is the sole protector of the
Kandy Kane Forest.

Elie the Ice Kream Princess    2905
Elie is the King's pride and joy. She is a sweet young
girl about 12 years old. Her long blue hair flows down to
her waist. Her skin is that of a Bisque doll. Her blue
eyes shine brightly and her lips are bright red. She wears
a long blue dress which is overlaid with delicate white
lace. A gold crown, decorated with little gumdrops, rests
gently on her head. A blue snowflake sits on top of her
princess sceptre.

Ice Kream King   26173
The Ice Kream King stands proudly in front of his Ice
Kream Kastle. A giant cupcake crown sits prominently on
his head. His face is plump and round and sports a fine
moustache and beard. His long blue cape envelopes his
portly body. His kind eyes and ready smile make it clear
that he is not an enemy, but a friend. He is wearing a
pink bauble around his neck and his waist. A pair of
striped boots adorn his pudgy feet. A candycane-striped
sceptre rests in his left hand. The sceptre is topped with
a cupcake.

Kount Licorice    25987
Kount Licorice is a bone-thin man with an oversized nose
and inflated sense of self. He sports a goatee and thin
moustache on his long face. His ears flare out to the
sides and each lobe is adorned by big gold hoops. His feet
are shoved into knee-high black boots that are decorated
with red licorice whips. His legs are covered with tight
black stockings and he wears a black sash over his bright
red uniform. A black necklace with a red jewel hangs down
from his neck. On his head sits an oversized black hat
which keeps his red bandana in place. A blood red cape
drapes down his scrawny back. He likes to pretend he is
tough, but he cowers in fear when the lights are turned
off.

Licorice Bat    164
The licorice bats come in two colors. This bat is black
and is made from licorice whips and other assorted
licorice and candy pieces. They aren't really scary, but
rather, annoying. The stench of licorice fills the
nostrils, making it hard to breath. Their beady
candybutton eyes rest heavily on you. What could they be
after? Hopefully, not your blood.



Licorice
This small piece of black licorice must have gotten
misplaced.

.














.