sci,enter,u,3e,d,e,path,13e,15n
"break glass" to get into Kilton 2.0


Floor 1:

 x-C-x 1 2 x-B-x
 |   | | | |   |
 x x-x-x-x-x-x x
 | |   |     | |
 x-x x-x-x   x-x
   | | | |   |
 u-x x-x-x   x-x
   | | | |   |
 x-x x-x-x   x-x
 | |         | |
 x x-x-x-x-x-x x
 |   | |X| |   |
 n-x-x E-x x-x-A

1: Men's Restroom - +1 dex, -1 cha upon use
2: Women's Restroom
A: search box, get card (cyan)
B: search crate, get card (magenta)
C: turn on computer


Floor 2:
   
   3 4-x
   | | |
 d-x x u
   | |
   2-5

2: search desk, get keyboard
   insert card (magenta) to go east
3: squeeze behind mainframe (in and out)
   'plug in cord' or 'plug in cord to socket'
   enter <random letters>
4: search papers, '<random letters>'
   insert card to go east
   researcher has yellow card
5: search wiring, get cord

Floor 3:

   A-x
   | |
   B x-d
     |
   C-x
	
d: insert card to go west

A: helmet/gloves - cyan card
B: main/other - magenta card
C: boots/shield - yellow card

Raest's M934 Overclocked Cyber Strike Shield.
Raest's C2646 Overclocked Cyber Strike Gloves.
Raest's K1552 Overclocked Cyber Strike Armour.
Raest's G1827 Overclocked Cyber Strike Belt.
Raest's F3150 Overclocked Cyber Strike Boots.
Raest's D421 Overclocked Cyber Strike Helmet.



Rove and Secure MK 3    2290680
A large floating silver cube with the words 'Rove and Secure MK 3'
stamped on its side.  It has several glowing red lights on each side.
Also, it looks like there is a square opening on each side that is
covered by a sliding metal plate.  The cube is humming.

<Girls Name>, A Cute Secretary   1504217
A tall, shapely young woman.  She is wearing a smart business outfit.
The short skirt accents her long thin legs.  A shock of soft curly red
hair frames her face and accentuates her green eyes.  While her green
eyes are pretty, they seem to convey a sense of emptiness.  You don't
think you are just stereotyping secretaries in general.

<Boys Name>, A Rugged Teamster   1726455
A broad shouldered, rugged man.  He is wearing dark brown work pants
and a tight fitting T-shirt, which shows his strong rippling physique.
Short brown hair sets off his rugged features.  While his hazel eyes
are handsome, they seem to convey a sense of emptiness.  You don't
think you are just stereotyping laborers in general.

A Security Guard   1399518
This man is clearly a security guard.  He is wearing a white oxford
style shirt and blue trousers.  He has a patch on each arm that reads
Ton Co Security and has a gold colored badge on his shirt pocket.  His
brown hair is combed perfectly, and his moustache is trimmed with
precision.

A Skinny Janitor   1831437
A skinny middle-aged man wearing dirty blue overalls and no shirt.  He
is holding an odd mop of some sort, it almost looks like it is metal.
Hard to say though, the way he is clutching it to him.

A Stern Security Guard   3497217
A security guard with a stern look on his face is standing behind the
large counter.  Ok, he doesn't just look stern, he looks enormous.
Over seven feet tall with arms that are thick and corded with rock
hard muscles, he dominates the room.  His white oxford shirt barely
stretches over his chest, the buttons seem ready to pop off.

A Mutant Android    3536242
A most strange thing stands in front of you.  It appears to be a naked
human, but it is missing a head and an arm.  Where the head and arm
should be are just masses of wires.  The arm it does have is a bit
odd, there are large fangs extending from the fingers.

A Frantic Researcher   3660193
A man stands here in a long white lab coat.  He looks quite disheveled
and appears to be randomly walking around the room, searching for
something.  A small plastic ID badge is attached to his coat.

A Mutant Android   3658369
This very bizarre robot is lumbering around the room haphazardly.  It
seems basically humanoid, but it has four arms, instead of two, and
glowing red eyes.  It seems to move with amazing speed, despite its
off-balance construction.

A large floating pyramid     10692182
A large steel pyramid floats in front of you.  It is about five feet
tall, from top to bottom, but hovers about 4 feet off the ground,
giving it a towering stature.  There are several vents and ports on
its charred and blackened surfaces.  Portions of the pyramid seem to
be glowing red hot.

A large floating sphere    10627419
A large sphere floats in front of you.  There does not seem to be a
single seam or opening on its entire surface.  Light reflects off of
its perfectly clean alloy surface. It is spinning very slowly, almost
nauseatingly slow, making it impossible to get a bearing on what might
be the front of it.

A large floating cylinder    10627419
A large steel cylinder floats in front of you.  There are four ports
on various portions of the cylinder's walls.  There seems to be heavy
corrosion around each of the ports.  Fumes that burn your nostrils
escape from a vent on the top of the cylinder.



The Cyber Mop 2600 (Overclocked)
This is one of the most advanced cleaning devices ever to have been
developed. The handle is made of some sort of steel alloy. It is
smooth to the touch and balanced for exact handling. The mop head is a
mass of strong but flexible synthetic fibers. There is a small turn
dial at the end of the handle.

A Magenta Key Card (v2.0)
A small magenta, plastic rectangle with a black strip on one side and
the words "Kilton Labs -- Official Use Only" printed on the other
side.

A Cyan Key Card (v2.0)
A small cyan, plastic rectangle with a black strip on one side and the
words "Kilton Labs -- Official Use Only" printed on the other side.
It looks light.

A Yellow Key Card (v2.0)
A small yellow, plastic rectangle with a black strip on one side and
the words "Kilton Labs -- Official Use Only" printed on the other
side.

A red patch cable
This looks like a regular network patch cord.  Though it probably
could be used as an extension network cord too.

An old plastic keyboard
This is a very standard 101-Key Keyboard.  Well, standard except for
the weird plug.  It certainly isn't a standard plug.


