A strange boy, wanders chaos, trace symbol
*note* - for exploring.  the room exits are based off what you're facing.  so if you go 'backward' you go back a room but are now facing the new direction

      4     x
      |     |
      x     x-x-3
      |     | |
      x   x-x 5
      |     |
  x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x
  |     |         |
  S     x         x
  |     |         |
  1     x-1       x
        |         |
        x         x
                  |
                  2


1: School Gate
2: a small beautiful child *Miyu*
   -after 'bite me' kill miyu.  a drop of her blood = Blood Marble
3: Kyoto Inn - "buy dose of reality" to exit area (1000g)
4: search houses, enter house
   exa debris, search debris
5: A huge walking suit of armour

A strange boy  17576
As you stare at the vacant-eyed boy, he stares back.  He doesn't seem
to notice anything nor fear anything.  Two thin lines of dried blood
trace down from small puncture holes on his neck.  On his torso, there
appears to be a strange symbol.  As you look at the symbol, you get an
intense urge to trace it.

A huge walking suit of armour   41165
The first thing you realize is the immense size of this thing. It towers
over the tallest buildings, and a dark, evil glow, radiates from within
its metallic plates.  There's power here and evil magic.  It will take
equally powerful magic to handle this thing.  The Armour stands calmly
awaiting to see if you'll get into its reach, for the crunch of doom.

A small beautiful child   36636
You are stunned by her beautiful face and glowing eyes.  You feel like
gazing at her forever.  Suddenly you remember seeing this person before
in ancient texts about beings of great power.  Backing away carefully,
you study her more closely and come to realize that before you stands
none other than Miyu the Vampiress.  Even though she appears to be a
small and helpless girl, you realize she's much more than she looks.

A frightened cop   26326
The cop looks nervously around.  He keeps staring at the door as if
he's waiting for something to happen.  He keeps muttering to himself
and outright ignores you.  On his torso, there appears to be a strange
symbol.  As you look at the symbol, you get an intense urge to trace it.



A little hand held cross
The cross has helped many people throughout the centuries and still
today many seek items such as this one.

Small flute
This is a small 7-holed flute.  It is made of a strange wooden material,
   most likely used for its resonating properties.  You could probably
   play it.

Gold bar
A bar of shiny yellow gold

Sapphire
A beautiful gem. It looks expensive.

A Statue of a Smiling Leprechaun
The symbol of the leprechaun has brought luck to many people for many generations
Some even say that if you rub its belly it will bring you good luck.

A clear light mirror
Wow, someone sure took time to shine this thing up.  Your
reflection beams back at you in total clarity.  Wonder
what this mirror is used for?  Hmm, is that a bit of food
on your chin???

Head of Walking suit of armour
This is the severed head of Walking suit of armour.


qinfo:
go to 4, search houses, enter house, kill boy, search debris
unkeep all, drop all
go to 2, bite me
go back to 4, get your stuff
go to 5, use mirror on armour
kill armour, DO NOT DISPOSE CORPSE
chop head, then dispose corpse
get head, go back to 4
put head in picture.  done
