chaos,w,2s,enter mist


     E
     |
     1-x
    /|
 x-x x-x
  \| | |
   x-x-x-2

E: enter mist (exit)
1: climb - ascended guild
2: search depression, sit egg



Velociraptor     2947
This quick, long-legged dinosaur looks like a dangerous opponent indeed.  His
terrible-looking sharp teeth and dangerously sharp hind claws make you shiver
in fear just looking at them.

Brachiosaurus    4385
This huge beast stands before you, a huge mound of flesh and bone, feeding
on simple vegetation.  Its huge neck allows it to reach up to the tallest
trees and eat those leaves which other dinosaurs may not be able to reach.

Allosaurus     14612
The tall allosaurus looks down at you, and opens its jaws; displaying
a mouthful of sharp, slightly inward-facing teeth.  It stamps about
noisily, tearing at the vegetation with its strong foreclaws, hoping
to find some defenseless creature to slaughter.

Tyrannosaurus Rex      29730
You look up at the huge tyrannosaurus and he stares evilly down at you. His
huge jaws look like they could crush you in an instant, and his long,
powerful tail could break your bones.

Stegosaurus   7249
The stegosaurus wanders peacefully before you, clearly weak from the
lack of food in this area.  It has hard, leathery skin, and a row of large
plates stick out of its back.  However, this dinosaur isn't completely
defenseless; it has a dangerous looking spiked tail.

A baby dinosaur - pet, follows.   
A cute little baby dinosaur, who seems to be under the deluded impression
that Raest is her mother, and so follows him devotedly.  Her bright blue eyes
tell you of her innocence and devotion, and you sense that 'question'ing her
could tell you what she might do.
question dinosaur
dname <name>
dprotect
dinoquiet
adopt <player> - gives to someone else
dinoget - dinodrop


Velociraptor claw
The razor sharp claw glints dangerously as you look at it.  The claw has a
slight hook to it, making it a dangerous weapon if you use it just right.

Allosaurus tooth
An ex-part of the Allosaurus' dental work.  You couldn't use it for a weapon,
but it might be worth something to somebody.

Tyrannosaurus tail tip
The sharp spiny tip of a Tyrannosaurus Rex's tail.  It fits neatly into your
palm as you grasp it, and perhaps if you 'stab'd someone with it, it could
hurt them quite badly.

Stegosaurus plate
One of the plates from the stegosaurus's back.  It looks like you could wear
it over your body.  It seems tough and protective.

.