chaos,s,e


                                x
                                |
                        x   x   2
                         \  |   |
                          x-x-x-x-x-3
                         /  |
        1      H      u-x   x
       /                |    \
      x               x-x-x   x
      |                 |
    E-x                 x-x
                        |
                        x

1: sleep circle
2: End of the Rainbow bar
3: search rocks - enter cave
   free leprechaun
H: down
   wish out - exit

Eoin Mac Neilis, the leprechaun fiddler - disapeared
This is Eoin Mac Neilis, a leprechaun of average size, what's truly
remarkable with this tiny little figure is his deep red beard and his
twinkling deep blue eyes that sparkle with mischief. Legendary for his
reels and jigs played on his fiddle, he looks just about ready to play
another tune just for you ...

An adult leprechaun   219
This is an adult leprechaun , all 3 mischievous feet of him
Right now he isn't quite sure what to make of you.  So
you had best be careful lest one of these pesky little folk relieve
you of some of your gold.

A leprechaun child    92
Have you ever wondered if all the little people are born old?  Well here
is your answer for standing before you is a young leprechaun perhaps
little more than 5 years old. As you look at this young creature you
cant help but notice the mischievious twinkle in their blue eyes as
they gaze up at you.

A leprechaun warrior   399
This is an adult leprechaun a little larger than common folk of this
village, dressed in forest green, and carrying hurley sticks these
leprechauns are dressed for war. Best not to get in their way.

Cormac O'Riodan, King of the Leprechauns    5092
This is Cormac or King Cormac to give him his proper title. For over
300 years he has been the king of the little people in this fairy
ring, now as the time draws near for him to pass on his crown,
his smile has faded and he no longer looks happy. You wonder what
ever could be the matter as surely these creatures are renown for
their mirth and merrymaking.

Shamus O'Flaherty the barkeep   3773
This is Shamus, barkeeper and owner of the End of the rainbow bar.
Judging by the muscles on the arm of this little red haired pest,
he has probably had more than his fair share of unruly customers to
deal with, so i wouldn't mess with him if i were you.

The banshee   3496
This is the dreaded banshee, the ghostly spirit in Irish folklore
whose unearthly singing is the harbinger of death. As you look at
the ghostly form of a woman floating before you, you sense her
scanning your soul to see if you are her next victim.




A golden fiddle.

little silver emerald ring
This is a tiny silver pinky ring, with an emerald carved into the
shape of an shamrock inset into it.

little green felt hat
This is a little hat made out of green felt that has a black band with a nice
shiney gold buckle running around the base of the hat just above its brim.
Very cute indeed.

A small shillelagh
This looks like a small gnarly stick, fashioned a bit like a club.
Time and many small hands have worn the knob of the shillelagh smooth.
Since time began on the emerald isle the Shilieagh has been the weapon
of the little people, who from time to time have been know to give us
tall folks quite a nasty bruise (Especially on the knees !).  Who knows,
maybe some of the magic of the little people might have rubbed off into
this shillelagh.

little green linen suit
This is little pair of green trousers, with  green jacket and nice
white shirt, all made of the finest Irish linen. Carefully stiched
into the lapels of the jacket are 2 shamrock motifs. After pondering
this for a moment you find yourself thinking ... ahhh be sur'en me
thinkin if I be wearin' this then ill have the luck 'o the little
people. Frightening isnt it.

A hurley stick
This a hurly stick (or hurl as it's called), it's normally used by
the Celtic folks in one of their games called hurley, shaped a bit
like a miniature version of an ice hockey stick and made of Irish Oak,
these sticks can if swung with enough force hurt.

A large shillelagh (glowing) (enchanted)
At first inspection this looks like a larger version of the shillelagh's
commonly used by the little people, however this one is fairly glowing
with magical power and is inscribed with mystical runes along its length.
One thing is for sure you don't want to get thwacked with this shillelagh
as it would probably leave more than just a bruise.

little green boots
This is a pair of little green boots, made of some kind
of material you cant quite identify, none the less they
look sturdy enough.

little green linen cloak
This is a small green cloak made of the finest Irish linen.
It looks far too small for someone as big as you to wear, but
there's no harm in trying.

A pot of gold
This is a leprechaun's pot, made of solid gold and filled to
the brim with golden nuggets.  To have one of these pots you
must have caught one of the wee folk. Now that you have his
pot of gold, you'll have to exchange it for coins.. few will
take gold nuggets nowadays

