4w,e,s,w,s,3e,enter,2e,sit


            x   x   x
           / \ / \ / \
          x   x   x   x
           \ / \ / \ /
            x   x   x
             \ / \ /
              x   x x-x
               \ /  | |
          x     x x-x-x-x
         /|\    | | | | |
        x-x-x   | x-x-x-x
       /| | |\  | | | |
      x-x-1-x-x | x-x-x
       \| | |/ \|/
        x-x-x   E   x
         \|/   / \ / \
          x   /   x   x-x
     x   x   /   / \ / \|
    /|\ /|\ /   x   x   x
   x-x-x-x-x    |\ / \ /
   | | | | |    | x   x
   x-x-x-x-x    |/ \ /
                x   x 
                 \ /
                  x

1: A magnificent oak tree - open door


A white knight   21114
A knight on horseback.  His full platemail is enameled white and kept
meticulously clean.  His pure white charger paws the ground, ready
for combat.

A northern paladin    43224
A tall man dressed in full chainmail.  His thin frame appears
surprisingly strong.  He carries an ancient sword at his side, and
appears ready to use it upon his foes.

A serra angel   30663
A beautiful winged maiden draped in loose white robes.  She
carries a sharp short sword with which she keeps the peace amongst
the lands.

The hand of justice    50021
A regal looking man dressed in blue robes of judgement.  His stern
visage matches his duty, to dispense justice over Dominia.

Elf of Deep Shadow    13398
A thin wisp of a woman.  Her pale features are clouded with a
dark glare.  It is her tribe of elves that nurture the dark and
twisted recesses of the forest.

A force of nature   50055
8/8 trample never looked so mean!  This huge green THING towers
close to 18 feet tall.  It's all muscle and it's pissed at you!

A thicket basilisk   38039
The strange reptile before you is only about seven feet long, yet
you know that its magical nature make it deadly to all those that
come in contact with it.

A solemn looking sprite   18417
The solemn looking fellow before you is a scryb sprite on guard
duty.  The pink hued wings sprouting from between his shoulders
enfold him like a cloak.  Beneath the wings, glimpsed through
their translucent membranes, he wears a chitinous armour that
looks like it was once a beetle's exoskeleton.  Tucked into his
belt, within easy reach of either hand, are two wicked looking
little daggers.

A faerie with beautiful butterfly wings   9573
A majestic faerie woman.  She glances at you warily, not
sure what a non-faerie-kin is doing within the hallowed walls
of Pendelhaven.  Her beautiful wings, like those of a fragile
butterfly, gently beat at the air to hold her aloft.  A soft
leather tunic covers her body but doesn't obstruct her wings.

A sprite with flaming hair   10585
The strangest faerie-kin you've ever seen.  This creature's crimson
mane seems to be aflame.  Flickering tongues of fire cascade from the
crown of the sprite's head to between the flaming orange wings that
sprout from her back.  Her eyes appear charcoal black and are
almond shaped.  Each of her five tiny fingers end in curling
nails that appear to flicker like fire.  One thing is for certain, the
fire sprites are not just legend.

A sage looking faerie   30578
The faerie before you has obviously seen decades if not years pass
him by.  His eyes show a wisdom that is far beyond your own.  Small
crow's feet pinch the corners of those eyes, a hint at the passing
of lives and other hardships he has endured to rise to his present
rank among the faerie.

A craw wurm   43757
Glistening emerald scales armour the enormous length of the
wurm.  Its massive jaws filled with razor sharp teeth.  You hope
you don't get a better look at them.

A Llanowar Elf   10029
A tall thin elf, painted for war.  These keepers of the forest
will valiantly protect its purity with their lives.

A ghost ship    44654
A spectral ship floating in the sky, its tattered sails waving
limply on an unseen breeze.

A flying man   12571
These men on flying carpets spend their days flying from
island to island as messengers.

A mahamoti djinn    77190
An enormous upper body of a man, supported upon the thin air.  His
rippling muscles are barely covered by the vest he wears, though
his attire isn't your main concern since he's about to smash you to
a pulp.

A zephyr falcon   14325
A small and agile bird which makes its home in the rocky crags
along the coast.  It's incredibly fast and defends its homes fearlessly.

A roc of Kher ridge    44549
An enormous bird, its wingspan nearly fifty feet wide.  Its sharp
talons and beak label it a predator in anyone's eyes.  Let's hope
it doesn't take a liking to you as its meal.

A shivan dragon   61307
A gigantic red dragon!!!  Its gaping maw is filled with razor
sharp teeth and its talons are longer than your forearm.  It turns
its menacing gaze towards you.

Ball Lightning   4365

A goblin rock sled    15376
A devilish contraption which goblins ride down the sides of
mountains to trample their enemies.  Looks like right now you're
their enemy.

A Bog Wraith    39576
A dark and evil conjuration of black magic.  The wraith is a
skeletal form beneath its dark cloak, its entire body hidden save
for the gaunt fingers of its outstretched hands.

A bog imp    15302
A hideous looking green creature about three feet tall.  His
sickly looking translucent wings trail sullenly behind him as he
moves through the muck of the swamp.

Lost Soul     25192
A ghostly apparition of a woman.  She glides silently through the
swamps and bogs in search of unwary travelers on which to feed.

A Nightmare       660370
An ebony horse rides the skies on flaming hooves.  Its mane is a
ribbon of fire trailing in the dark sky.  As it snorts and paws at
an illusory terrain flames flick from its muzzle.

Were-Penguin (rabid)   109724
A nasty looking emperor penguin.  The thing is close to five feet
tall!  It's definitely not friendly looking, in fact, it doesn't
appear to be anything like a normal penguin.



a suit of white platemail
A richly adorned suit of white platemail.

Zelyon Sword
A strange looking long sword.  The blade is covered with runes and
sigils which you've never seen before.

Shortsword
A small well kept sword.  It appears to be extremely light and
very sharp, the perfect weapon for those trying to move quickly.

A judge's robe
A long robe of midnight blue and bright red stripes.  The long billowing
sleeves are almost a nuisance, getting in your way as you try and go
about your daily routine.  The thick fabric is heavy and warm.

The Kormus Bell
A large bell of solid gold adorned with six pieces of a fire red
stone.  The magical bell is said to have mystical properties over
swamps, imbuing them with a life of their own.  Such an artifact
can prove to be incredibly powerful in the hands of a black mage.

A leather tunic
A short leather tunic dyed a deep emerald green, the color of the
forest.  It appears soft and supple, a pleasure to wear.

Gauntlets of Might
A pair of gloves made from a mysterious metal.  They glow a dull
blue with a faint tinge of red about them.  They look like they'd
hurt a bit if you got into a brawl, but seem to be a bit difficult
to hold anything with.

a pair of tiny daggers
A matched pair of daggers, each no longer than your hand.  They are
light and well balanced, suitable for stabbing or throwing.  They
lack a suitable edge for slashing, but that is more because of their
size than lack of craftsmanship.  The handles are made of bone and
tooled with intricate patterns to help keep hold of them in slick
hands.  The blades are made from a greenish metal that you've never
seen before in your life.

a stout spear (glowing)
This faerie weapon is one of the most prized possessions of the fae folk.
It is not hewn from any tree, alive or dead.  It is coaxed from the heart
of a living tree with ritual and song, making it a gift from the gods to
help protect the forests from defilers.  It is a very powerful weapon, though
take care when using it, for the power is finite and precious.

a stout wooden spear
A long straight tree limb carved round and smooth.  One end is
sharpened to a keen point that looks sharp enough to poke a
neat hole right through you.

A small wooden key
A small key, spanning half your palm, made entirely of wood.

A pair of brightly colored pants
A pair of multicolored pants.  The soft cotton seems to be of more
use in keeping a sense of decency than in protection, but they look
pretty warm too.

A stack of magic cards
Seems to be just a stack of basic lands.  And all swamps at that.
Seems like someone probably forgot them when sorting their decks.
Perhaps they were playing lands off of a separate deck in their game
and just forgot to pick it up?
You should probably count them to see how many there are.

a richly embroidered vest
A richly embroidered vest of fine silk.  Its multicolored
patterns changing constantly as you look at it.

A feathered cloak
A cloak made of the feathers of a zephyr falcon.  The blue and
grey feathers meld beautifully in the cloak to form a subtle star
shaped pattern.

a mana vault
A small square of pink colored stone.  The mana vault pulses in
your hands, the very nature of it seemingly alive.  You need be
wary of its power though, for it comes with a price.  Those who
tap the vault must repay it the power, else they suffer its ill
effects.

a Black Lotus
A legendary black lotus!  Its silky petals pulse with stored
magical power.  This rare and coveted artifact is yours to
command.  All you need do is tap its power.

A small ivory pendant
A small ivory pendant hanging on a thin silver chain.  The sliver
of ivory is carved in the likeness of a pristine wizard's tower.
Sculpted dragon heads adorn the tower's walls.



.