chaos,4w,e,n,w,2n,mcd
  
  x
   \
    1-x   x
      |   |
    x-x-x-x
      |
      x
      |
      x
      |
      E

1: escape through hole


Grimace   2171
Grimace.  A large man in a purple Grimace suit.  He reeks of Jack Daniel's.

An annoying customer   1578
An annoying customer.  He is taking too long to order.

Nathan the Cashier   3795
Nathan the Cashier.  He's a smart-ass teenager.  You
don't like him touching your food.

Ronald McDonald    3134
A large mass of a man glares down at you.  Bright red
lipstick and white pancake makeup is smeared across his face.  A
small wad of spit gathers at the corner of his mouth.  An indentation
of a penny is stamped on his forehead.  His clothes are wrinkly
and torn and you guess he hasn't brushed his teeth in weeks.

Matt, the bratty kid   784
Matt is a typical snot-nosed brat. He's wearing a dirty Bart
Simpson shirt and baggy pee-stained shorts.  His hair is full of
rats nests and lice.  One hand is busy picking his butt, the
other is sticking french fries up his nose.

Fat lady   1430
A really fat lady is standing in the middle of the aisle.  She is
wearing lime green stretch pants that are about three sizes too
small and a floral polyester blouse.  Her hair has been badly
bleached and her perm has turned to just frizz.  Heavy blue eyeshadow
and silver lipstick can't hide her wrinkles and bad acne scars.

Cheeseburger   1229
A half-eaten cheeseburger that's been laying on the floor getting
hard and stale.  Ketchup and mustard spurts out the sides.

Chicken McNugget   759
A moldy chicken mcnugget that's been kicked around the floor for
days lies at your feet.  It probably could walk out of the
restaurant on its own.

Hamburglar    1432
It appears that the Hamburglar is running around in a cape and
a mask stealing burgers off the grill.  He's very sneaky and you
are leery of his intentions with you.  You better watch your back.

Cockroach   400
A big black cockroach crawls around on the floor.  He's the size
of a small dog and quite scary looking.  You wonder what this
thing has been eating.

Mouse   399
A mean, hungry mouse.  It looks disease-ridden.  You get a
shiver down your spine as you notice it foaming at the mouth.
You hope that you can make it out of here before you are eaten
alive.

Mark, the French fry guy   2812
Mark has been here longer than anyone.  He's 33
and still lives with his mother.  He's been Employee of the
Month for the last 7 months.

Small french fry   983
A small burnt french fry.  It has too much salt on it.

Grumpy old man   3405
A grumpy old man haphazardly swishes water around with a worn out
mop.  His over-sized pants are being held up with a piece of string
and his uniform shirt has many unrecognizable stains on it.  His
false-teeth are heavily stained yellow from years of smoking and
drinking coffee.



Bottle of Jack Daniel's
Grimace's favorite drink.  It's empty.

Milkshake
A foamy milkshake.  It's your favorite flavor.  Maybe you should drink it.

Big red shoes
Ronald's big red shoes.  They probably would fit you.

A Lady's Pocketbook
A red lady's pocketbook.
You can <put> and <get> things from it.
You can put things in it.

pickle shield
     A hard, stale pickle.  You could use it as a shield.

mini black cape
Hamburglar's black cape.  Try it on.

Big Mac
It once was a Big Mac, now it's green and fuzzy, but you can eat
it anyways.

Employee of the Month pin
Mark's prized possession.  He wears it everyday and keeps it under his
pillow at night.  Maybe you could wear it now.

A worn out mop
A worn out mop.  You could probably wield it.
