magic, road portal, 3e, 4n, path



                 x
                 |
                 u

                 4
                 |
u            d-x-x-x-u         x-d
|              | | |           |
x-x-x-x    x-1 2 x x-x         x-x
    |      |     |
    x-x    x-3-T-x-T
               | | |
               x-x-x
                 |
               x-x-x
                 |
               x-x-x-x   x
                 | | |\ /
             5-x-x-x-x-x
               | | | | |
               x-x-x-x-x
                       |
                       x
                        \
                         x-x-P

1: Storm Giant Stable Master
2: Armoury Master
3: Gargoyle
4: move stand
5: Celestial Sorceress (darkened)
   turn rune (if you haven't completed Free Stag


Snowcat   424
Before you stands a big cat. It's coat is furry and white, with
little black spots in it. It has very large pads, they must contain
some wicked claws. It is staring straight at you.

Wandering Storm Giant   3942
This is truly a giant. He must stand twenty feet tall, and weigh
an incredible amount. He seems to be oblivious to the snow and cold. His
robes billow out around him, even when the wind calms down. His hair is
long and tied in the back, and he has a long beard.

Storm Giant Guard   7830
This giant looks big, bigger than most giants you've seen at least.
He has long flowing brown black hair streaming out from under his helmet.
He looks very strong and well trained. His beard is long and is braided
down to his belt.

Medlar Guard Captain (empowered)    855658
This giant is actually gigantic believe it or not. You can tell that he is
the Captain of the castle's guards by the emblem that he displays on his arm.
He has long flowing silver-gold hair, and a powerful look in his eyes. He is
here to keep anyone who has violated the castle in the past, from returning
and causing any more damage. It would not be a smart thing for you to attack
him, since he looks so much more powerful than you.

Storm Giant Stable Master   3876
This is the keeper of the stables for the Storm Giant Lord.
He looks like he knows his business, and can keep any animal in line.

Resident   4132
This storm giant is a resident of Medlar castle. He works within
the castle walls for the profit of the lord. He looks like he could take on
just about anything. You wonder what could be out there that would make storm
giants need to have a castle stronghold like this.

Armoury Master   7827
This storm giant looks like he has a purpose in life, to guard and care for
the lord's equipment. He stands a little taller and wider than most of the
other storm giants you've seen around here.

Lord of Medlar   35746
The Lord of Medlar stands tall and proud. This storm giant is the most
powerful storm giant in the land. He holds reign over medlar and claims
rights to all other regions of this realm. He has long flowing hair
and a beard that seems to move on its own.

Bodyguard   18692
This is a tall, thin person. You can see a small bits
of webbing between his fingers. He looks very agile, but
a little stringy. He has a strange look in his eyes.

Giant Cook   1363
This storm giant helps to cook the meals for the castle. She provides a vital
function for the castle and has more power than you can at first determine.

Lady in Waiting   1881
This female storm giant is the lady of the castle's personal assistant. It
is her job to do all of the worrying for the lady. She also helps in
managing the castle and its grounds.

Lady of Medlar   25944
The Lady of Medlar castle. She is the second most powerful
storm giant in medlar, second only to the Lord. She looks very noble and
beautiful. She almost shines. She looks very powerful.

Prison Guard Giant   33900
This is the storm giant who is in charge of guarding all of the
captured enemies of Medlar. He looks like he has been through a lot.

Hill Giant   3934
This giant is oddly simian and barbaric in appearance, with overly long
arms, stooped shoulders, and low forehead. Its limbs are very muscular and
massive. It is not as tall as the storm giants, but it is still bigger than
you.

Puddlum   27329
This is a strange man who stands in front of you. He stands about
seven feet tall, but is very skinny. He wears a light green tunic, and a dark
green pants with black boots. He has a shock of yellow hair that contrasts
greatly with his dark skin. You notice that he has small pieces of webbing
stretching across the gaps between his fingers. His eyes glow with a cunning
that you have never seen before.

A Rat   176
These rats scurry around between the items in the room. It is
quite a big rat, maybe the size of a small house cat. It has slick
fur and beady little red eyes.

Griffin   24088
A large griffin with a gaping maw and large wings. It is the Lords'
personal protector. What could it be protecting?

The Azure Dragon (gleaming)   281000
The Azure Dragon. He is a giant of a dragon, towering over the floor
of the cavern. Its scales shine with a brilliant gleaming sky blue light.
It has one green eye, and one red eye, each of which is glaring
directly down at you. The wings of this dragon extend out and up for
an unimaginable distance, while its wicked looking black claws dig
into the earth. There are small wisps of dark orange smoke winding
up and out of the dragon's nostrils.

A Dragon Guardian  6864
This appears to be a large knight, outfitted in full armour. The
armour has a strange blue tinted magical glow about it, and you
can see, as you look through the visor, you only blackness where
eyes should be. There is a picture of the Azure dragon painted on this
guardian's shield.




Snowcat Fur
This is the fur of the northern snowcat. It is big and bulky
and very furry. It is white with little black spots on it.

Cloud Cape
This is the cape of the clouds. It looks and feels very light
to your touch. It even seems to be blowing away, even when there is no wind.
It looks like very good protection against the elements.

Guard Key
This is a rather large key. It is made out of a shiny metal.

Medlar Guard Armour
This is a very large piece of platemail armour. It looks like it
would only fit a giant. On its face is etched the emblem of the house of
medlar.

Hurricane Helmet
This helmet is very large. It must belong to someone who has a very
big head. There are hazy gray black clouds that move slowly around the
outside of the helmet.

Copper Bracers
The bracers shine with the gleam of newly polished copper.
They are enormous. Who wears something this big?

A massive sword
This sword looks massive. You can not judge what kind of powers this
weapon has. You'll have to identify it to learn more.
Storm Sword
A massive sword. You've never seen a sword so large. Its blade
glows with the power of the storm, and when you look close you
can see little wisps of clouds surrounding it.

A whip
This whip looks interesting.  You'll have to identify to learn more.
Knife Edged Whip
A large long whip with many sharp little blades on the end.

Storm Armour
This piece of armour looks increadibly well made. It will probably give
very good protection. It is human size.

Storm Staff (enchanted)
A straight and narrow wooden staff. It has the symbols of clouds, rain,
and lightning carved into it.

Double Edged Blade
This weapon looks well crafted. The metal of the blade shines of both edges.

Trouble Wood
This is a trouble wood. People use it to rub
away their troubles by rubbing the wood.

Ring of Medlar
This is the ring of the Medlar Lady. It is enormous. Maybe you could slide
it onto your arm.

Lady's Gem
This is the Lady of Medlar's personal jewel. It glows with the light of
the sun.

Warhammer
The large hammer looks like a very imposing weapon for anyone who could
wield it. Its' head is cubic in shape and looks like it is made out of some
kind of solid stone. The handle looks to be made out of a strong wood.

Dungeon Key
A huge iron key. It doesn't look like it would go with a normal wooden door.

Lord's Stone
This is the Lord of Medlar's personal jewel. It glows with the power of a
thunderstorm.

Lightning Blade (enchanted)
This weapon feels balanced and light in your hand.  It has a
  simple hilt, and a long thin blade that looks very sharp. You can just
  make out a faint blue hazy outline surrounding the weapon.

Crystal of Tapan
The crystal sparkles in the light. It is a clear quartz-like crystal
yet there is a blue tinge in the very centre. You sense a magical
quality to it.

Bolt Shield
A huge shield that covers almost all of your body when you hold it
up to yourself. It has an etching of a lightning bolt on its face.

Jewel of Medlar
This is the legendary Medlar Jewel. It is larger than your fist, and glows
with many different colors.

Gold Bar
A large bar of pure gold. It has the seal of Medlar on the top of it.

Silver Bar
A large bar of pure silver. It has the seal of Medlar on the top of it.

A scale from the Azure Dragon
A large sky blue dragon scale. It fills your hands and shines with
an odd blue light. The scale itself is so brilliant that you can not
bear to look directly at it for too long. It appears to be very fragile
and looks like it could be broken very easily.

An eye of the Azure Dragon
This is a large hand-sized, ball-shaped sphere.
It is very smooth to the touch. It has a strange
blue green aura that clings to its surface. It
looks very interesting.



