sci,enter,u,3e,d,e,path,14e,n,bunker

         1
         |
         2
         |
 u       d
 |
 x
 |
 x
 |
 x
 |
 u     x-d-x
         |
         u     d
         |
         E

1: search mud - A multi-purpose wrench
2: search mud - Chrome Marble

An outpost guard   16981

An outpost trooper   25369
This is one of the fort's troopers, a sturdy looking man, toughened
by years of outpost life.  Always combat-ready, he is wearing a heavy
suit of kevlar, heavy combat boots and a helmet with the dark visor
lowered.  In his able hands rests an assault rifle, though his gloved
hands look like more than adequate weapons.

Sergeant Nachschub   69082
The hulking mass of muscle glaring at you is the infamous supply sergeant
Nachschub.  He looks like a tank with a heart beat; he could probably
tear you to pieces with his teeth.  And you're standing in his supply
room.  You're not going to find anything as long as he is here.

General Krieger   86191
Before you stands the tall and powerful General Krieger, the main man
behind the defense of this fort.  Sensing bulging muscles under his
general's stars-adorned gray uniform, you realize this guy did not become
general through paper-pushing.  You size him up to be a more than
formidable opponent.

A machine gunner    40026
This sturdy woman operates the machine gun at this military fort, and
she is quite the adept; she proudly wears the silver crosshairs of a
precision heavy machine gun operator on her grey uniform.  This being
peacetime, she has not had much to shoot at lately.  She's almost
drooling over the fact that she has someone to shoot at!

An oilfield worker   7676
This hugely muscled man is your typical unshaved oil worker, his pants
and flannel jacket filthy and a cigarette hanging out of a corner of
his mouth.  He even wears one of those helmets on his head.

Mr. Anzug    1675
The suit standing before you surveying his properties is Mr. Anzug,
the oil tycoon him very self.  Though he looks like a regular frail
suit, he could probably muster some surprising strength to defend his
black gold, were you to threaten it.



A clip of Gatling ammo
This is a clip of heavy-gauge Gatling ammo.  To check the number of
rounds left, use <check clip>.
A digital counter on the side displays the number "50"

A multi-purpose wrench
This is your standard heavy-duty multi-purpose wrench.

Chrome Marble

Gatling Phalanx Cannon (enhanced)
This is a Gatling Phalanx cannon, a wicked looking piece of machinery.
With its rotating barrels it can spit fire at insane rates, doing some
devastating damage.  This particular gun has been modified to be able
to fire fully automatic <setgun auto>, semi-automatic <setgun semi>
but also single shots <setgun single>.  It is generally a floor
mounted gun, but if one is strong enough it could be held also.


