fantasy, 12e,2n,4w,n,4e,give 1000 coins to skillot, back to magic portal
12n,leave,10n,7e,show identification to guard, enter

      x-x-x-x-x
      |   |   |
    S-x   x   x-u
      |   |   |
      x   1   x
      |       |
      x       x
      |       |
      x-x   x-x
        |   |
        x-E-x


1: Lord Furthe
   give cube to statue 4
S: stairs u/d
   down has a locked door on east wall.  needs key


Lord Furthe   6532
A tall, handsome man.  His presence alone radiates a sense of authority
His weather-worn face and muscular build hint of experience beyond
the average adventurer.  He appears both wise and disciplined.

Bodyguard   2719
This is a large hulking figure of a man.  He looks well trained and
very intimidating.  I wouldn't suggest underestimating him.

Ravel the Guard  409
This is a man who appears to be of elven stock.  His movements are
graceful and precise.  His build is slight, yet muscular.  He
exudes a pleasant disposition.

Culvert the Guard   438
This man possesses a startling physique.  There's a seriousness
about his stance declares very little patience for foolishness
while on duty.  His sharp, chiseled features match his unmistakeably
disciplined nature.

Porton the Guard   1573
This is a man who appears to be of elven stock.  His movements are
graceful and precise.  His build is slight, yet muscular.  He
exudes a pleasant disposition.



Glowing cube
This is a small glowing cube.  It is deep blue and opaque.  It seems
to almost pulse with life.

Shortsword
This weapon is approximately two feet in overall length and has a
double-edged blade with a pointed tip, ideal for thrusting.  The hilt
of this weapon easily accommodates one human-sized hand and is wrapped
tightly in leather for a stronger grip.

Ringmail armour
This armour is made of interlocking metal rings and is commonly worn
over a layer of padded fabric or soft leather to prevent chafing and
to lessen the impact of blows.  Movement in this type of armour is
restricted somewhat due to its weight.

Scalemail armour
This is a suit of overlapping scales of iron. Unlike ringmail, the
protection offered by this armour is complete. However, due to the
weight of the armour, it is very restricting when movement is
involved.

Goblin slayer (enchanted)
This is an expertly crafted blade with a hilt made of the pure
        white marble.  It radiates a faint glow, betraying its magical
        nature.

Scroll
An officious-looking scroll.  Reading it might be informative.
    The recent discovery of the subterranean lair interlinked
    with our dungeons requires a fierce vigil.  The Mages have
    enscorcelled the door to ward against entry into the keep.
    However, the magical runes do not obstruct our access from
    this end.  Though I do not anticipate the arrival of a fool
    great enough to open that portal, we must maintain guards
    against such an eventuality.

    Let none pass beyond your post.  If that door is successfully
    breached, the living hell that would be unleashed would quickly
    overcome the meager defenses of this keep.  Report any and all
    individuals who express interest in the dungeons or peculiar
    noises which emanate from within the dungeon.

                                Presiding Officer,
                                        Lord Furthe

Burgundy Marble
Exquisitely crafted/magicked, this pristine little burgundy bauble is
the whimsical, residual aftermath of peeronic thought.  Sadly, the
entropic tendencies of such mental energies are difficult to grasp or
maintain.  A marble will inevitably evanesce and reform in an infinite
number of cryptic locations.

A bag. You can put things in it.
This is extremely light, and might be bugged, please 'bug' it.

Goblin's scroll
This is an ancient looking parchment written in goblin.
   Perhaps you should try reading it.
read scroll
You can't read goblin!

.
