science,2u,enter shuttle, exit,4w,2d,n,w,enter pod

     x-x-x-x-x
       | | | |
     x-x x-x-x
       | | | |
     x-x x-x-x
       |     |
   x-x-x-x-x-x
     | |     |
     x-x-x-x-x
     |
     x
     |
     E


A Shiny New Stormtrooper    342
This is a stormtrooper all right, looks a little short for one though
You wouldn't doubt it if they kinda screwed up the cloning process on
this one.

A Rodian    96
Rodians are a humanoid species with multifaceted eyes, a
tapirlike snout and deep green skin.  They have a prominent ridge of
spines running along the back of their skulls. Their fingers are long
flexible and end in suction cups.

Shotgun Bob Weis (bartending)    733
Shotgun Bob Weis is a mean customer.  He has been working in the cantina
for years, and this is one of the nastiest places in the galaxy.  He's
seen shit that'll turn you white!  He looks like he could take on any
patron in this bar and win.

A Sullustan    95
Sullustans are jowled, mouse-eared humanoids with large, round
eyes.  They hail from Sullust, a harsh, volcanic planet with numerous
caves - It is within these caves that these people have made their
homes.

A Wookiee (furball)   184
Wookiees are intelligent, arboreal creatures from the jungle world of
Kashyyyk.  They are considered to be one of the strongest intelligent
alien species in the galaxy, yet also exhibit the uncanny knack for
repairing and altering technology.

The Bathroom Attendant     2545
A large unsexed creature that is peering at you to decide if you
belong in here or not. Let's hope it doesn't make a mistake.

A hammerhead Ithorian    84
Ithorians, also known as 'hammerheads,' are large, graceful creatures
from the Ottega star system.  They have a long neck, which curls
forward and ends in a dome-shaped head.

A brown robed Jawa    73
One of Tatoinee's smaller sentient life forms, this Jawa is a small
brown robed individual with a face you can't see and two yellow/white
eyes peering out at you, you aren't sure of the language but you
think he wants to sell you something.

A Human    73
You see the strangest sight yet in here.  Another human! Wow you are
amazed.  You run your hands all over his face just to make sure its
not some cruel joke played on you by some malevolent creature.  No
it really is a human, wow.
He looks about as lost as you are.

Sy Snootles   80
One of the galaxy's more popular singers, Sy is very remotely humanoid.
She has a long trunk with what appears to be a mouth, a barrel-like
body, and very thick appendages.

Max Rebo    100
A large blue creature that plays on what appears to be a keyboard.  He
looks a little like a blue elephant mixed with a cupie doll.




Smugglers Gloves
These are a pair of Smugglers Gloves used to protect the smugglers hands
from the rugged turmoils of planets all over the galaxy.

Smugglers Boots
These are a pair of smugglers boots, strong and tough they could even
survive doing the kessel run.

Sporting Blaster
        You now hold in your hands a BlasTech DL-21. A powerful handgun. It
packs enough firepower to penetrate even a spacetrooper's armour.

Bowcaster
This appears to be a combination of a blaster pistol and a crossbow.
It seems to make a deadly combination, as the accuracy of this weapon
is phenomenal while it gives up none of the damage of a blaster.

Senate Amulet
This amulet signifies membership in the Imperial Senate, for some reason
you don't think that they would buy that you are a Senate member just
because you have one of their amulets though.

Jawa Cloak
This is a brown cloak used by jawas to protect themselves from the heat.

Blast Shield
This Blast Shield will help protect the wearer from flying debris

Stormtrooper Armour
This is the suit of body armour most feared aroud the galaxy, that of
an Imperial Stormtrooper.  It is an offense against the Empire to wear
one if you aren't a stormtrooper, and you believe that in rebel space
that you wouldn't recieve a very large welcome either.




.