road portal,4w,2n,path



             x
             |
   d         x
   |         |
   x-x-x-x-x-x-x-d
  /      |
 x       x         D
         |         |
         x-x   A-B-C
         |    / \
         x   x 2 x     d
          \  | | |     |
           x-x-x-x-x-x-x
             | | | | |
      -x-x-x-x-x-x-x 3
          /  | | | |
        -x 1 x-x-x-x-x
           | | | | |
           x-x-x-x-x
               |
           x   x   x x
           |   |   | |
         x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x
               |
               E


1: Armours and weapons shop
2: A fish shaped fountain
3: The Golden Nugget Pub
A: open door
B: Pull knob
C: kill this guy because
D: pull tapestry - Mithril Marble

Tisha, Captain of the Dwarven Homeguard   41432
Tisha glares down examining your worth with her eyes.  She has a scar along
her left cheek that bleeds occasionally when she opens her mouth too
widely.  Judging by her rough exterior and battle garb, you can tell this
dwarf has seen a lot of action in her days.  Even though the soldier before
you is a woman, you feel as if she is anything but ordinary, and she
definately does not look like any house wife you would want to tangle with.

<random letters>, Knivur Homeguard Sentry   31415
A short bearded dwarf stands before you.  Donning his best battle garb, he
looks up at you warily.  You can see in his eyes that he is ready for
almost anything that comes at him.  The years of war have taken their toll
upon every living thing within Knivur, and looking upon this sentry, you
can see that he would rather die than let anyone interrupt the peace.

A dwarf    6184
The small stubby dwarf wanders around searching for his lost bag of gold.
The poor guy must have dropped it long ago during the battle with the orcs.
He looks up at you suspiciously, and then carries on his search.  Every now
and then he mumbles something about a revolt and the king, but it is hard
to understand all of his stammering.  The war must have shaken him up quite
a bit.

<random letters>, a generous dwarf    4135
A short bearded dwarf wearing rich clothes and soft leather boots.  You are
disgusted by his presence as he flings his snobby little nose in your
direction, and struts around the room kingly.  He examines you very closely
and mutters something about peasants.

<random letters>, Elite Knivur Peacekeeper   32226
The dwarven peacekeeper carefully examines the surrounding area as he makes
his rounds through the city.  He has been sworn to uphold the peace the
high council has instated within Knivur.  His custom dwarven axe sways from
hand to hand as he looks at you closely, he apparently is trying to
determine if you are a threat or not.

<random letters>, the over-worked dwarven miner   8167
The dwarven miner has musty dirt smeared across his face.  He looks like he
went down one too many tunnels.  Let the fact be known,  if it was not for
miners such as this one, the orc war may have ended in a complete failure.
His sways his pick to and fro as he walks around looking for his next big
deposit.  A lot of the mines have been almost cleaned dry by the battle.

<random letters>, the exhausted dwarven miner   5684
The dwarven miner has musty dirt smeared across his face.  He looks like he
went down one too many tunnels.  Let the fact be known,  if it was not for
miners such as this one, the orc war may have ended in a complete failure.
His sways his pick to and fro as he walks around looking for his next big
deposit.  A lot of the mines have been almost cleaned dry by the battle.

<random letters>, the under-paid dwarven miner    13693
The dwarven miner has musty dirt smeared across his face.  He looks like he
went down one too many tunnels.  Let the fact be known,  if it was not for
miners such as this one, the orc war may have ended in a complete failure.
His sways his pick to and fro as he walks around looking for his next big
deposit.  A lot of the mines have been almost cleaned dry by the battle.

Ram, a muscular apprentice blacksmith   23999
The apprentice's muscular build and broad shoulders astound you.  Not just
one ripple of muscle but more than a dozen.  You can hardly believe that
such a small creature can get so huge!  You watch as he swings the mighty
hammer on unshaped metal.  You should think twice about challenging this
particular dwarf.  Who knows what he could do with your head!

Sxaakb, a bulky apprentice blacksmith   24090
The apprentice's muscular build and broad shoulders astound you.  Not just
one ripple of muscle but more than a dozen.  You can hardly believe that
such a small creature can get so huge!  You watch as he swings the mighty
hammer on unshaped metal.  You should think twice about challenging this
particular dwarf.  Who knows what he could do with your head!

A drunk dwarf   733
The dwarf peers at you suspiciously and mutters something under his breath
and incoherently at that.  You assume this poor guy has either a lot on his
mind or he had a little too much to drink.  Either way he staggers about in
a drunken fashion.  Some dwarf's just can't hold their liquor like they
used to.  The orc war must have been a little too much for him to handle.

Gwain, The Dwarven Brigade Leader  31211
You look down up at Gwain as he in turn looks up at you.  You both share
some silent conversation briefly, and then go on about your ways.  You can
tell by the dwarf's rough appearance that this particular fellow has seen
much in his days.  You look on his armour and see the old patch of Borgur,
replaced now by the Brigade patch of Knivur.  He looks at you warily from
time to time, making sure you are not starting any trouble.

The dwarven arch wizard Brempa   42087
This is the dwarven arch wizard Brempa, a small dwarf with long white
beard.  He is wearing a blue robe and a dark blue pointy wizard hat.  He
stares at you and you can hear him chant some magic words.





A dwarven steel axe
The steel axe is finely crafted by an expert weaponsmith.  The handle
of the weapon is four feet high while the butt is roughly three inches
thick.  The face of the blade sparkles under the light as the
sharpness of the axe is accented by a small notch.

A dwarven battle axe (enchanted)
This is a dwarven steel battleaxe that looks very sturdy and sharp.  You
are impressed of the magnificent dwarven craft.  The dwarven symbol of the
half crested moon and a pick can be seen along the face of the axe head.

A dwarven chainmail
This dwarven steel chainmail is an impressive work of craftsmanship. The
armour sparkles and shines under the light.  It is a relatively small suit
of armour, but after all, it was constructed for the short legged dwarves.
It looks very sturdy.

A die
A small die made of bone, maybe you can 'ROLL DIE'.

A dwarven steel pick
This is a dwarven steel pick that is used by the miners to dig out those
precious gems from the dwarven mines.  It could also be used as a weapon if
you wanted to wield it.  Just try to clean up the mess after you maim your
foe.

A dwarven warhammer (enchanted)
This dwarven hammer is roughly three feet high with a blunt faced head
attached to the top by a seamless weld.  You could really do some serious
damage with this weapon.

Dwarven battle helm
This is a small dwarven steel helmet with pointy horns on the ends. When
you look upon this piece of armour, you can only be reminded of the great
dwarven army storming into battle with helms much like this one.  The
sturdy construction and finely crafted metal reveal to you not only its
durability in battle, but a small portion of history of the dwarven race
and kingdom; Knivur.

Steel gauntlets
Sturdy dwarven gauntlets.  They are made of a finely crafted steel alloy
metal.  They appear to be a little small for the average man's hand, but
then again they were not made for a man either.  Along the back side of the
gloves, a small crested hammer within a full moon adorns the metal.

A steel key
A small steel key

A dark blue pointy wizards hat
This is a pointy dark blue wizards hat.  There are white moons and stars
all decorated all along the brim with a half crested moon at the top.  The
cloth material seems a little stiff and not so fragile as one would
believe.



