sci,enter,u,3e,d,e,path,14e,5n


            x---------E
            |         |
    x-x-x-x-x  x-x-x  |
    | | | | |    |    |
    x x x x x--x-x-x  |
    | | | | |    |    |
    x x x x x  x-x    |
    | | | | |    |    |
    x x x x x  x-x x  x
    | | | | |    | |  |
    x x x x x  x-x-x  |
    | | | | |    | |  |
    x x x x x  x x-x  |
    | | | | |    |    |
    x x x x x  x x-x  x
    | | | | |  | |    |
  5-4 x x x x->x-x-1  |
    | | | | |  | |    |
    x x x x x  x x    |
    | | | | |    |    |
    x x x x x    x    |
            |    |    |
            3    x    |
                      |
            2----x----x

1: search urinal, get keycard
2: fill out application
3: give application to richard
4: insert keycard
5: drink potion - random stat boost, 2 per boot per player



Bob Smith - Security Guard     373
This old security guard shakes and quivers as he notices your
approach.  As he notices you, he begins to wave you back while looking
around nervously.  He appears to be unarmed and at his age, isn't
likely to put up much of a fight.

Chicken Guard      25377
This mutated enormous chicken is tasked with keeping order around the
area.  He isn't likely to take any guff from humans and holds his
stun baton at the ready.  The guard blinks his single mutated eye as he
looks you over.

Richard Kluckenthal - Director of Human Resources     48828
Strangely, this large mutated chicken has all black feathers. His
mutated eye blinks as he looks at you in disgust.  He wears the remains
of what was once a nice suit, and on his breast wears a tag that says
Richard Kluckenthal, Director of Human Resources.  As he notices you he
stops pacing about the room to see what you want.

Plant work crew   15748
This crew of workers works in unison as they balance the loads and
unloads from the bin to the plant conveyer belts.  Each of the workers
are covered in blood and chicken guts.  They all carry welts and scars
from the numerous beatings of the chicken plant guards.

Workcrew member    1310
This plant worker is nearly falling over from exhaustion.  The
chickens have likely beaten him for days straight.  Now that his work
crew is gone, he decides to take his aggravations out on you.

Chicken Foreman     17705
This large chicken carries a whip and appears to be watching all the
workers within the plant.  His newly developed digits at the end of
his wings fondle the whip nervously and he appears to be itching for an
excuse to use it.  His mutant eye blinks as he takes notice of you.
Deciding you aren't working hard enough, he raises the whip in your
direction.

Plant worker     5380
This malnourished human is covered in chicken guts.  He smells like he
hasn't had a bath in weeks and is nearly falling over from sleep
deprivation.  There are many scars from the foreman's electric whip on
his back.  He works at cleaning the chicken guts as they fall from the
conveyer belt, but he is losing the battle.

A group of telemarketers    29565
This mob of people tends to leap frog over each other bouncing from
phone to phone carrying leads.  They appear to talk in some kind of
foreign language as they race to get the best leads to the sales
staff.  Each of them carries a phone which they use to follow their
leads.  The group moves at such a fast pace that it's difficult to
follow any single one of them.  It is obvious that the chicken
leadership drives this human sales force like slaves.

A teenaged telemarketer    2306
This skanky teen in torn up rags is trying to make a living via
telemarketing sales.  From the look of her clothes and overall stench,
she is isn't doing a very good job at it.  The teen holds a cellular
phone for which she tries to gain leads for the sales force.

Karen Cluckerina - Executive Secretary    12513
Karen stands a little over a meter tall.  A bit of makeup is spread
over her brow and cheeks in an attempt to make herself look more
glamorous.  Her long beak is pointed and sharp.  Strangely the end of
it seems to have some kind of a callus built up.  Apparently as an
executive secretary she uses her beak rather than her newly mutated
fingers for typing.

Conrad Clucker - Chief Executive Officer    17778

Courtney Cluckerson - Vice President, Accounting & Finance    17322
Courtney Cluckerson is a large chicken that mulls about the room
looking through financial journals.  She rolls her single eye and gives
you a look that tells you she has no clue what she's looking at.  She
quickly attempts to recover and carry on her charade by shooting you
with her eye beam.

Charles Klucker - Vice President of Sales      15958
Charles Klucker walks about the room with his beak up in the air.  He
tries to carry a 'better than thou' attitude, but doesn't pull it off
well.  He often stumbles, as if he wasn't used to his mutated chicken
body quite yet.  As he notices your approach, he lashes out at you.

Jeanette Gorman - Accounts Payable Clerk    7001
Jeanette Gorman sits piled under a massive stack of paperwork.  A
green screen computer terminal flashes in and out before her.  She is
dressed in rags and looks as if she hasn't slept in weeks.  Her once
beautiful brown hair is matted and in a scattered fray.  Looking
closely you notice that she has been chained to her chair.  Obviously,
the workers in this plant aren't treated very well.

Pauline Westerfield - Accounts Receivable Clerk     6631
This young woman with curly, black hair looks as if she hasn't slept in
weeks.  She takes little notice of you and busily types away at her
typewriter.  Taking a closer look, you notice that both of her eyes have
been blackened and she has several bruises along her upper body.  She
apparently is a slave to her work as a long chain runs from the desk to
a handcuff around her wrist.  Obviously the workers in this plant aren't
treated well.

Mark Spalongi - file clerk    7188
Mark's once gorgeous features have been scared by the many beatings he
has received.  He carries with him a bunch of files, which he delivers
to the executives throughout the office.  Although he isn't chained to
his station like the other workers, he does wear a pair of leg shackles
so he cannot run far.  Obviously the employees aren't well treated in
this company.

Collyeen Cluckerina - MIS Director    16078
Collyeen Cluckerina flaps her wings in a panic as spools of green bar
paper fly about the room.  Wild smudges of red makeup are spattered
about her face in an attempt to make her look more glamorous.  Her
single mutated eye is bloodshot and her mannerisms give you the
impression that she doesn't handle pressure well.

Maureen O'Boyle - Receptionist     7224
Maureen O'Boyle is the plant receptionist.  Her once beautiful blonde
hair has been shredded and frizzes about in every direction.  An
expression of horror comes across her face as you enter the lobby and
motions for you to leave quickly.  She wears a telephone headset,
which she uses to answer calls.

Michael Smitherton - Engineer     7119
Michael sits on a small bench chained to a drawing table.  He appears
to be working on drawing of new high tech machinery in an effort to
increase plant production.  The bags under his eyes tell you he hasn't
slept for days.  His hair is a mess, and the smell coming from his
general direction says this guy needs a shower badly!

Chris Klucker - Chief Sales Officer      17065
This large chicken looks in good condition.  He prances about the room
spouting something about upping current sales quotas.  He wears a
large polo shirt with the letters G.D.S. across it.  His large mutant
eye blinks uncontrollably.  Upon noticing you, he flies into a frenzy
attacking you with vigor.

Kristy Clucker - Assistant Sales Officer    13710
This young chicken has what was once a beautiful designer business
suit, stretched across her bulky mutated body. Her single eye is red
and bloodshot.  She has white feathers that fly about as she flaps her
wings in a flurry.  Looking your direction she takes notice of you and
tries to decide if she is going to take her anger out on you or not.

Paul Poultry - Sales Supervisor      15315
The mutant chicken form of Paul Poultry looks tired and overworked.
His single mutant eye is droopy and he walks with a slight hunch to his
back.  Paul carries a golf club that he likes to play around with in-
between sales.  He probably wishes he were on a golf course right about
now.



Kord XIV Stun Baton
This Kord XIV Stun Baton carries a huge wallop!  Made of durable
titanium and charged with a Kord Neverfail powercell.  This heavy
baton will knock even the largest of creatures on its behind.

Kord VII Electric Whip
This Kord VII electric whip packs quite a punch.  Designed to keep
livestock in line while herding, the whip would be lethal on any
humanoid creatures.

Tarnished Silver Locket
A small amulet with a pendant.  The pendant is a small golden locket.
The chain and locket are tarnished and doesn't look like it has
survived the chicken mutant war well.  Opening the pendant you see a
picture of a pretty oriental woman and in the opposite side of the
locket is the picture of a handsome latin man.  The back of the locket
is engraved, 'To Karen, love Rudy.'

Torn Business Suit
At one time this was a first class suit.  Dark gray in color, the suit
is still wearable, even though it has several rips and tears within it.
The fabric seems stronger than normal cloth.  It must be bonded with
some kind of high tech polymer.

A top hat
This once elegant black top hat has seen better days.  It's crinkled
and the silk lining has been heavily torn.

Snake skin boots
This pair of snake skinned boots has had all its seams busted.
Apparently a foot much larger than intended was forced into them.  At
one time, they were really nice boots, but are now next to useless.

Kord 77x Typewriter
This old typewriter must have been pulled out of a museum or something.
Ones like this haven't been made in at least a hundred years.  It's a
Kord model 77x with advance memory thought pattern design, the
technology is ancient compared to today's standards.

G.D.S. files
This set of files has the letters G.D.S. written all over them.  As you
glance through them they appear to be a set of expenditures.
Apparently Murdock is sinking a lot of money into whatever this project
is.

Ream of Green Bar Paper
This large stack of green bar paper appears to be a printout of the
financial records of the Murdock Chicken Processing Plant.  Looking at
the bottom line, this company is in some seriously bad shape.

Kord 2200 Headset
This small headset is used for operating a modern day switchboard.  It
has the label of a Kord 2200.  The headset has an infrared antenna on
it, which is probably used to pick up signals.

G.D.S. Processing Drawing
This drawing has the letters G.D.S. scrawled across it in several
places.  It appears to be the design of some kind of new processing
machine.  Most of the drawings are scribbled and it is very difficult
to decipher.

Murdock Security Keycard
This small keycard has a black stripe on it.  It has the picture of a
small and greying man.  The name under the picture reads J. R. Murdock.

G.D.S. Shirt
This large polo shirt is dyed a deep red and has the letters G.D.S.
scrawled across it.  At first glance it appears to be made of normal
wool, but upon touching it, you notice that it contains some high tech
polymer fibers within it that makes it incredibly durable.
The armour is in perfect condition.

Brown business suit
This brown business suit was once a very nice professional garment.  At
first glance it looks to be made of normal cloth, but upon touching it,
it would appear that modern high-tech polymer fibers have been woven
into the fabric making it incredibly strong.  The suit includes a vest,
skirt and blouse.

Golf Club
A high quality titanium head golf driver.  The club doesn't even look
used at all.  Taking a couple of practice swings you find the club to
be well balanced and sturdy.  Although meant for the game of golf, it
would surely hurt to be hit with it.



