chaos,2e,3s

Lego Moon:

      \|/
      -J-
      /|\


Legoland

   x              aft      aft 
   |               |        |
   d     u x-B   dock    fore/aft
   |     | |       |        |
   3     x-x     fore/d     d
         |
         x 1
         | | |
       2-x-x x
           | |
          -x-x
           | |
             x


1: A Toystore (shop)
2: Lego Air Strip
B: Lego Boat
3: enter jet/push button


     |-|-|-|-|-|-|-| Legoland  Toyshop |-|-|-|-|-|-|-|

                 Description:    Price:
         1. Lego Copter          500
         2. A Slinky             200
         3. Silly Putty          200
         4. Pirate Eyepatch      19
         5. Red Rubber ball      50
         6. An IT                1000
                ('buy #' to make a purchase)
     |-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|-|


Ted, the Lego Toyshop Clerk
You see behind the counter, a little Lego man with
a bright, happy smile.  He wears blue pants and a
white shirt with a painted-on loud bowtie.  He
stands patiently awaiting your order.

Lego Airstrip Attendant
She's a short, blocky Lego woman wearing a brown
plastic molded flight cap.  She glances up at
you occasionally waiting for you to ask
for assistance perhaps but then returns her
attention to the computer screen in front of
her.  She also glances back through the
window occasionally.

Eliza, the lego Cat   318
She's a pretty little black lego cat.  She slinks
around town chasing after Lego mice.  She meows
at you inquiringly then acts like she didn't see
you. Mostly she minds her own business as most
cats do.

Spot, the lego Dog    355
It is a cute little white lego dog with a circle
around his left eye representing a spot.  There
is also a spot near his tail. He happily wanders
around town wagging his plastic tail for anyone
that passes.

Legoland Resort Receptionist     951
Legoland Resort's front receptionist eyes you
through black rimmed glasses.  She seems to be
dressed for business in a painted-on suit.  She
welcomes you to Legoland's only resort and
invites you to have a good stay.

Lego Crocodile    4155
The Lego crocodile is a plastic green wonder.
You have never seen such a creature with a huge
plastic maw.  It eyes you hungrily perhaps
wondering what real meat tastes like.  Its
tail twitches menacingly as it approaches.

Young Lego Pirate    5889
Ah, a young Lego pirate is here wondering what
you are doing on his ship.  He does not look
particularly friendly despite the big smile on
his painted face.  It could be that plastic pistol
he has pointed in your direction or it could be
that long, curved gray plastic bardiche he has
poised to strike.

Hairy Lego Pirate    2977
Wow!  It is a big hairy Lego pirate.  Well, he
would be hairy if he weren't made of colorful
plastic.  He seems to be enjoying a thick mug
of Legoland's best imaginary rum.  Better look
out, he appears to be carrying a faux plastic
pirate pistol!

A Fierce Lego Pirate   2925
This Lego pirate is armed to the teeth!
Knives, pistols, daggers, rapiers you name
it, he's got it.  He's a walking Lego arsenal.
He has black, shaggy hair drawn under his hat
line and a whole lot of stubble on his chin.

Lego Vacationer    2808
This must be one of the resort patrons.  He
relaxes in a plastic lounge chair in a big
white shirt while sipping an imaginery drink.
He has a cute little moustache painted on his
face in place of a smile.

Lego Babe     1908
Whoa, what a Lego babe!  You don't remember
Lego toys being like this!  A blonde Lego beauty
is one of the summer resort's hostesses.  She
scurries around in painted pink bikini serving
imaginary cocktails.

Jake, the Dashing Lego Spaceman   1884
This is your typical star-jumper.  His uniform is
all black and he has a big white plastic helmet
with a clear visor that comes down to cover his
face.  There is a painted zipper on the front of
his uniform.  At the moment he is rather consumed
with a conversation he is having with one of the
resort's lovely hostesses.

A Yellow Suited Lego Spaceman Moon Researcher    2249
This is a Lego man in a space suit.  His suit is
all yellow with a little moon symbol on his chest.
Underneath his bright yellow helmet he wears a big
smile which seems rather hard to believe given his
situation.  He seems to be using some kind of
plastic analyzer device that looks vaguely like
a metal detector.

A White Suited Lego Spaceman Moon Surveyor    2072
This is a Lego man in a space suit.  His suit is
all white with a little moon symbol on his chest.
Like his fellows, he also grins broadly behind his
big round bubble of a helmet.  This guy seems
concerned with the shape of the terrain here.  As
you watch him, you are tempted to pull apart some
of the gray Lego blocks and build something really
bizzarre just to freak him out.

A Red Suited Lego Spaceman Survey Team Captain
This is a lego man in a space suit.  His suit is
all red with a little moon symbol on his chest.
He wears a big red helmet.  He has the standard
smiley-face underneath, which seems to grace
virtually every lego man.  He is quite busy at
the moment, at least trying to look as if he is
busy supervising.  He has a radio in hand with
which to contact the lego earth high command.



A Bright Red Lego Cat Collar
This slender collar once graced the neck of a Lego
cat.  You probably haven't seen anything quite like it
since your brief trip to Duploland.  Immediately,
you realize that this plastic strap could never fit
around your neck.  It will form a rather strange
hat around the top of your head though.

A Bright Red Lego Dog Collar
This slender collar once graced the neck of a Lego
dog.  You probably haven't seen anything quite like it
since your brief trip to Duploland.  Immediately,
you realize that this plastic strap could never fit
around your neck.  It will form a rather strange
hat around the top of your head though.

A Lego Pistol
This is a small, brown, molded Lego pistol.  It has
a barrel that curves outward like a trumpet, a
neatly curved handle, and a rounded trigger.  It
does not look like a particularly powerful weapon,
but you have little doubt that it can do some damage.

A Lego Rapier
It is a long, flattened gray blade made of the same
molded plastic as gray legos.  It has a handle on
one end with a guard.  The blade is not particularly
sharp, but then plastic tends not to take a
very good edge.

Lego Pistol Energy Cartridge
This is a small, brightly-colored, narrow block of
legos that has strange, glowing legos on one side.
Apparently, it is supposed to be some kind of ammo.
A digital counter on the side displays the number "100"

A piece of Lego Gold
Unlike regular gold, lego gold is plastic with a
shiny metallic gold coating.  Each piece is as big
as your fist!

A Lego Pistol
This is a small, brown, molded Lego pistol.  It has
a barrel that curves outward like a trumpet, a
neatly curved handle, and a rounded trigger.  It
does not look like a particularly powerful weapon,
but you have little doubt that it can do some damage.

A Lego Cocktail Glass
It is a pretty clear plastic cocktail glass with
a rounded depression in its base designed to fit
together with the protrusions found on Lego
blocks.  Strange, it seems to be empty.

A Lego Serving Tray
It is a small, plastic lego tray.  It is composed
entirely of legos.  A sticker is on its side
which reads:  Legoland Summer Resort.

A Lego Laser Pistol
It is a cosmic-shaped, molded Lego pistol designed
to shoot those annoying Lego aliens.  It is all a
uniform shade of gray with apparently no moving
parts.  It is only as powerful as your imagination
allows it to be.

lego Soil Analyzer
You see an unusually shaped lego tool with a round, flat
disk-like bottom connected by a long stem at an angle to a
handle.  It looks a lot like a metal detector.

Lego Survey Goggles
These are goggles designed for surveying unknown terrain.
They are large and composed of thick plastic they appear
as if they would prove to be a sturdy protection against
blows to the head.



