Night of Colour [Stelari]
Dirs: Chaos, n, climb tower






                                 
                    A           E
                   /           /|\
                  x           x-x-x
                  |          /|X|X|\
                  x         x-x-x-x-x
                  |\       /|X|X|X|X|\
            C     x-x     x-x-x-x-x-x-F
           /|\    |X|    /|X|X|X|X|X|X|\
          B-x-x   x-x   x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x
         /|X|X|\  |X|   |X|X|X|X|X|X|X|X|\
        x-x-x-x-x x-9   D-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x
       /|X|X|X|X| |X|   |X|X|X|X|X|X|X|X|X|\
      x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x
     /|X|X|X|X|X|X|X|X|X|X|X|X|X|X|X|X|X|X|X|\
    8-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-3-x-x-x-x
     \|X|X|X|X|X|X|X| | |X|X|X|X|X|X|X|X|X|X|/
      x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x D x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x
       \|X|X|X|X|X|X|   |X|X|X|X|X|X|/   \|X|
        x-x-x-x-x-x-x   x-x-x-x-x-x-x     x-x
         \|X|X|X|X|/     \|X|X|X|X|/      |/
          7-x-x-x-x       x-x-x-x-x       x
           \|X|/ \|        \|X|X|/         \
            6-x   x         x-x-x           x
            |X|              \|/           /
            x-x               1           4
             \|
              5

1: Orange Spherule
2: Enigma (Lady Rose)  [random location]
3: Resonant
4: Mournful (Dark Black)
5: Signal
6: Brown Spherule
7: Ghost of Gold
8: Majesty (Blue/Silver)
9: Aspect
A: Promise (Bronze)
B: Aquamarine Spherule
C: Phase
D: Forlorn (Grey)
E: Yellow Spherule
F: Humble

Monsters:

48281 : Shadow

Shadow curls around, darkness enveloping, welcoming, cold.
The dark seems to lend an ominous appearance to everything, as if it
were imbuing its horrible life within.


28444 : Gloom

Leathery rustling, a swish of air, is all that reveals a gloom is
here.  Diving close, you see two specks of eyes, but they blink and
are lost.  Wings as wide as you are tall, Gloom is not afraid, and the
rustling circles above you, waiting for an opening.


37585 : Impediment  [weak vs fire]

Limbs thrashing, crushing, bashing, Impediment blocks your path. 
Boughs thick and strong, laden with thorns, a deadly foe, a deathly
wall.  Rooted in place, it cannot chase, but the only way is back the
way you came.


24250 : Furtive

Eight legs of hunger, eight legs of pain.  Eight legs of desire, eight
legs of reign.  Waiting death, ready to pounce upon his capture like a
king at the feast, Furtive drips burning agony from his fangs like
saliva.


48154 : Dismal

Soulless howling, a pain so great, wandering the land with no chance
of escape.  A shade of grey, floating aloft, Dismal stares with
unseeing eyes, unfeeling heart, uncaring mind.  It's touch, death, its
embrace, damnation.


28444 : Hostile

Fading in and out of the night, a shadowy, lithe shape pads quietly. 
Luminous yellow, eyes like fire, drawing you in, seducing in their
beauty whilst the claws unsheathe and prepare for war.


26067 : Snare

Catching, sinking, grasping, clinging.  Snare is mud, but so very
alive.  It waits for the unwary, and pulls them down, down, down. 
Hardly a body, but a pool of living, a consciousness still, it
radiates evil and joy at capture, hate and anger at escape.


32409 : Bulwark

Clothed in darkness, bejeweled with shadows, Bulwark guards the
precious Black.  Evil eyes, darker than the night, follow, search and
seek, always aware.  Big and bulky, but fast like lightning, Bulwark
emerges from the night, imposing and frightening.


25877 : Smoky Glimmer

A streak of light, gone before it is even really here.  A fading tail,
its trail burnt into your eyes, follows the bright, bulbous head. 
Against the dark of night, the light of life shines bright.


27031 : Timorous

Lithe and lanky, Timorous leaps and bounds, from tree to tree to
ground to tree.  Deep maroon fur matches the laughing call all too
well, both rich and textured and filled with life.  Tail like a whip,
but responsive and strong, another arm, almost, though without the
strong leathery-palmed hands of the other four.  Small, black eyes
watch you carefully from beneath craggy brows as he swings easily
through the trees.


54999 : Radiance

Light embodied, glistening pure in the moonlight, Radiance prances
proudly, silver hooves striking the ground like gunfire.  Spiral horn
thrust skyward, catching the sun as gold, and throwing rainbows of
warmth, Radiance neighs like a waterfall of laughter.  Such love, such
heart is abundant that it seems to encompass the whole land, so long
as Radiance is near.


22769 : Paragon

Glowing eyes, round, wise, focus on you, but yet see all else too. 
Perched on a branch, Paragon watches over the land, head swivelling,
body still.  Old, yet strong, Paragon stretches his wings to ease
stiffness, feathers ruffling to show their mottled pattern.


18560 : Peace

White wings fluttering lightly, feathers rustling in the breeze, Peace
coos lightly, the sound soothing and tranquil.  Curling tail feathers
twitching slightly, Peace searches for food and shelter, and love. 
Throwing more light than expected, Peace seemingly glows, white in the
moonlight, white in the heart.


79837 : Resilient

Light grey, reflecting in the moonlight, Resilient moves slowly but
surely, swinging its horn-laden head side to side, crushing trees. 
Bulky, brawny, brainless - beady little eyes buried deep under craggy
brows stare uninterestedly at you, food not.


31283 : Swoop

A dance of light, swept through the air on wings of pure white, Swoop
breathes the clouds and consumes the sky.  All-seeing, she watches for
prey, for knowledge, for fun.  Nimble, yet strong, she is ready to
dive, and what a dive it can be, full of blood and of screams, full of
gore and of glory.


28444 : Rapid

Prancing about on air-light hooves, Rapid flows from rock to rock with
ease.  Curling rough horns arc over his head, hard and strong. 
Bleating softly, his calls echo over the miles, and are returned in
kind - alone here, but only a leap away from others.


Items:

Shadow material.
Trapped in the land of the living, this remnant of the dead clouds the
mind with darkness, sliding away from the light.  Light as a feather,
and textured like woven shadow, alive once, you think.

Timorous tail.
A length of furred rope, but morbid and grotesque.  The tail of
Timorous, thickly covered with maroon fur, velvet touch, but ice cold
with the chill of death.  Rigor mortis touches it not, and flexible it
remains.

Gloom wing.
Tough like leather, rough and ready, Gloom flew with this wing.  Half
your height stretched, but rolled up barely several inches around, the
tendons soft and supple, their support gone.

Impediment branch.
Splintered, cracked, heavy, limb of Impediment once strong, now gone. 
Covered in black mould, dry and dusty, with wood beneath like
petrified oak.  Lost as Impediment was felled, found for patient
waiting.

Dismal soul.
A prize unclaimed, that should not be.  The soul of Dismal, a
soulless, but yet it exists.  To use it is pain, to victim and dealer,
and not only pain of the body, but the soul.  An orb of mist, it
appears, but more it is, and less, for only partly in this realm, and
partly in that of death.  More to it than meets the eye, perhaps.

Hostile Pelt.
Dusky, dark and rippling soft; a pelt like no other.  Light seeps into
the velvet fur, absorbed, and never to return.  Thick and warm, yet
light and tough, seemingly an impossibility, but lovely to wear.

Snare mud.
Life gone but not forgotten, mud of Snare is now merely mud, but not
normal.  Dank and brown, sticky and foul, it clings and grasps still,
but with no purpose.

Bulwark shield.
Taller than most men, and darker than most nights, the shield has a
black on black etching, a dark flame.  Heavy, unwieldy, but strong and
protective, Bulwark drew on dark strength to use the shield
effectively.  Black metal face, with forged support struts behind, a
handle of black leather at back.

Bulwark sword.
Forged from black metal, serrated along one sharpened edge, absorbing
light to form a vicious shadow.  Designed to tear and rip as much as
slice and cut, a blade to strike fear into hearts and pain into
bodies.

Glimmer Globe (dim).
Essence of Glimmer, distilled from life.  Still warm to hold, and
glowing dimly, the orb is slightly soft, but resilient.  Through the
translucent skin, the luminous gel inside seems to respond to
movement.

Radiance horn.
Spiralling light, a beautiful momento of Radiance.  Dusted with
glittering sparkles, rainbows erupt from the horn carrying memories
and warmth.  And yet sadness too, for the passing of Radiance, beast
of light, bearer of love.  Her horn carries her spirit, and her noble
grace lies within.

Paragon feather.
Mottled brown, and warm to touch, Paragon's feather is not worth much.
It carries the memory of creature wise, he who watches and he who
flies.

Peace feather.
Contradiction, the feather torn from Peace by violence, death bringing
the feather into being, rather than part of the whole.  Light, white,
it flutters in any breeze, beautiful and yet sad, a reminder of what
was lost.

Resilient hide.
Dusky grey, shot with streaks of pure white, strong and heavy.  The
weight, the strength, both aided Resilient in its life, though too
little, perhaps too late.  Gone now, the hide remains, a gruesome
reminder of the loss of life.

Swoop eye.
Round and wet, soft to touch, the eye of Swoop look on still, but sees
no more.  An echo of life, sad now gone, the eye is a bloody trophy of
the beautiful, noble Swoop.

Rapid horn.
A smooth curve, but rough in texture and hard as stone.  Pointed at
one end, a crude dagger to tear and rip, but clumsy to use, to hold. 
From the free, careless Rapid, the horn is torn and now a tool to kill
another.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Lady Rose.
Mysterious Lady Rose, swathed in the strange, clothed in the
unexpected.  Unusually bright, light blue eyes pierce your soul as she
looks through you, unsurprised by your presence.  Elegant in her
movements, flowing and sweeping, Lady Rose seems out of her element,
deep in a forest.

You say: hi
Rose tells you: I see you.  What brings you to my tent?

You say: blue
Rose tells you: She comes, she goes, who has her now, nobody knows.

You say: silver
Rose tells you: He is barely himself, his aura pale and wan.

You say: green
Rose tells you: I think he fancies me, you know.  He does make a dashing
        piece of armour from Resilient hide, but I don't think he's my
        type.

You say: aura
Rose tells you: I could read your aura, but you would need to sit down.

sit down
You sit yourself carefully on the cushions.

You say: aura
Lady Rose sweeps her hands around you, peering intently.
Rose tells you: You have no aura.  How strange.

You say: black
Rose tells you: Strange one he, his aura both strong and weak.

You say: grey
Rose tells you: Beasts interest me not, they have no aura.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Resonant (u)

You say: hi
Someone says: hi

You say: rose
Someone says: mystical one

You say: blue
Someone says: divine beauty

You say: silver
Someone says: shining one

You say: green
Someone says: killer of small animals

You say: black
Someone says: heart of darkness

You say: grey
Someone says: great serpent of shadow

You say: bronze
Someone says: great dragon of light

You say: gold
Someone says: dead and gone

You say: radiance
Someone says: unicorn

You say: dismal
Someone says: ghoul

You say: resilient
Someone says: rhinocerous

You say: impediment
Someone says: treant

You say: timorous
Someone says: monkey

You say: furtive
Someone says: spider

You say: bulwark
Someone says: guard

You say: rapid
Someone says: mountain goat

You say: gloom
Someone says: bat

You say: peace
Someone says: dove

You say: swoop
Someone says: eagle

You say: paragon
Someone says: owl

You say: glimmer
Someone says: firefly

You say: hostile
Someone says: panther


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dark Black.
Dark Black, hiding in the shadows, retreating from the light.  He yearns
for more, power, darkness, death.  The light opposes, a foe so strong,
alone he cannot win, but with help, how can he lose.  Fiery eyes, he burns
his gaze into your soul, a question, a task, an answer.

You say: hi
Black tells you: An intruder into Mournful, how strange.  Welcome to the
        castle of darkness, stranger.

You say: green
Black tells you: Hunter Green?  He matters not.

You say: grey
Black tells you: Grey?  I know him not.

You say: rose
Black tells you: She is a strange one.

You say: blue
Black tells you: Blue?  I know not of her.  Or he.  Whoever it is.

You say: silver
Black tells you: Silver!  That disgusting shining light, I would kill him
        if the prying eyes of the sky didn't always warn him of my
        coming!

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hunter green.
Slinking through the forest, hiding amongst the trees, Green lives
free, home with no home.  Wearing the spoils of his hunt, that which
isn't edible, he goes without nothing he does not want.  Green eyes,
matching his life, see everything, though they are strangely empty,
impassive, uncaring.

You say: hi
Green tells you: Greetings.

You say: black
Green tells you: He's a strange one.

You say: armour
Green tells you: I can make a pretty good armour out of the hide of a
        resilient.  Once you have the armour, I can also try to add
        different components from the local wildlife to it.  Just give me
        the hide to start, then give me the armour and the component you
        want to add.

You say: silver
Green tells you: I hear he is distraught over Blue.

You say: blue
Green tells you: I don't know where Blue is.

You say: grey
Green tells you: We stay out of each others way.

You say: rose
Green tells you: I think she likes me.

You say: bronze
Green tells you: We stay out of each others way.

You say: gold
Green tells you: I haven't seen him for weeks.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Ghost of Gold.
Ghostly Gold, once solid as a rock, now floating incorporeal.  A shade
of his former glory, a once proud knight of light now embraced by the
plane of death.  Blank, faded, lifeless eyes cast their cold gaze upon
you, drinking in the warmth.

You say: hi
Gold whispers icily to you: Life, lost, gone, cold.

You say: black
Gold whispers icily to you: His influence touches even the plane of
        death.

You say: death
Gold whispers icily to you: Death, my cold, constant companion.  I
        suffer.

You say: grey
Gold whispers icily to you: Soul of darkness, tainted by shadow.  He was
        too strong for me, you would stand no chance.

You say: silver
Gold whispers icily to you: He is distraught over Blue, but he knows not
        the pain of death.

You say: blue
Gold whispers icily to you: Silver and I grew up with Blue, blossomed
        beautiful, but Silver won her while I was away.  Still, love her
        I did.

You say: green
Gold whispers icily to you: A slippery one, but wise.  He claims to be
        able to craft armour from the hide of a Resilient.

You say: rose
Gold whispers icily to you: Strange lady, I sense her sometimes, here in
        the plane of death, and yet, she lives.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dulled Silver.
Dull, distraught and downcast, Silver is broken without his Blue.  If only
for a little hope, he would live again, could breathe knowing she may have
breathed the same air.  But now, nothing but emptiness fills Silver, his
house is not a home, without her.

You say: hi
Silver tells you: Traveller, my house is open to you, but forgive my
        preoccupation.  My Blue is gone, and without her I am nothing.

You say: house
Silver tells you: My house is echoing with the lack of Blue.  She made
        this place a home, and now is gone.  I am hopeless without her.

You say: blue
Silver tells you: Oh, my beautiful Blue is gone!  She is my heart, my
        everything.  Without her, my house is not a home, my heart is
        cold, my life is nothing.

You say: gold
Silver tells you: Noble Gold, my brother in arms.  Fallen, slain, gone.

You say: rose
Silver tells you: The mysterious Lady Rose, a woman strange and powerful,
        but I know little of her.

You say: green
Silver tells you: Hunter Green sees much.  He might be helpful, he might
        not.

You say: black
Silver tells you: Black, the taint of darkness across the land is his, I
        know.

You say: phase
Silver tells you: That is not for you.  Leave it be.

You say: grey
Silver tells you: Grey?  I know him not.

You say: bronze
Silver tells you: Bronze, legendary dragon, strong and true.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bronze.
The mighty dragon Bronze, owner of the sky, lord of Promise.  Scales
of brilliant yellow and ochre flowing over his serpentine body and
enormous powerful wings emerging from his back, Bronze is a sight like
no other.  Behind luminous eyes shines a deep and ancient wisdom, and
inside a cavernous mouth shines a thousand pointed deaths.

You say: hi
Bronze hisses at you: Greetings, brief one.  What brings you to Promise?

You say: silver
Bronze hisses at you: I hear he is light of heart, long may he live.

You say: blue
Bronze hisses at you: Such brief lives interest me not.

You say: black
Bronze hisses at you: Such brief lives interest me not.

You say: green
Bronze hisses at you: Such brief lives interest me not.

You say: gold
Bronze hisses at you: I remember the Gold one, a flash of brilliance, he
        was.

You say: grey
Bronze hisses at you: Grey is a cursed presence in the land.

You say: rose
Bronze hisses at you: Such brief lives interest me not.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Grey.
Slithering Grey, spawn of the dark.  Oozing slime covers his scaled
body, protective and terribly foul.  Small black eyes, buried deep in
the cavernous skull project a deep foreboding and ominous hatred of
all that lives.  Soiled breath, icy cold, is expelled past forked
tongue and billows through pointed teeth.

You say: hi
Grey hisses at you: Ssso sssoft, ssso tasssty.

You say: bronze
Grey hisses at you: Hisss brightnesss burnsss the ssshadow.

You say: rose
Grey hisses at you: I care not about them.

You say: blue
Grey hisses at you: Sssshe sssounds tasssty too.

You say: silver
Grey hisses at you: Ssssilver isss light.  Sssso painful.

You say: black
Grey hisses at you: Sssomeone insssignificant, no doubt.

You say: green
Grey hisses at you: I care not about them.

You say: gold
Grey hisses at you: Ssssay nothing, I will.

You say: forlorn
Grey hisses at you: Forlorn.  Ssso cold, ssso comforting.

