sci,enter,u,3e,d,e,path,14e,18n,6e,bridge,e,3se,enter

     u    u/d   u/d
     |     |     |
     E     1     x
     |     |     |
     2     3     x


1: Locked Cell
2: search desk - fingerprint powder
3: search toilet, dust ball, get ball - Grease Marble

Officer Baker    15022
Although Officer Baker certainly passed out of the Academy, one might wonder
how effective a crime fighter he would be...his girth is a bit excessive, and
his sloped eyes and heavy cheeks could scarcely intimidate a donut, let alone
one of New York's hardened scofflaws.

Officer Swope   14600
Of Native American heritage, Officer Swope -- who also goes by the moniker
'Swooping Eagle' -- is just one of the many diverse personalities that make
up the melting pot that is the First Precinct.  His cheekbones are high and
prominent, and his sloping brow gives way to slick, long black hair.  He
stands proudly, a stoic reminder of a noble, once-prolific race.

Officer Richards    14812
Officer Richards is fresh out of the Academy -- his face is clean-shaven and
his hair neatly combed.  His eyes are bright with enthusiasm, although one
can tell that they are almost certainly destined to dim as the years of New
York City crimefighting and paperwork will no doubt take their toll.

Officer White    15261
This is one of the NYPD's finest.  As far as cops go, these guys have one of
the toughest beats around.  He is trained to intimidate and dominate you if
given the slightest provocation.

Officer Jones    15917
The only African-American on the squad, Officer Jones has repressed a whole
lot of rage all these years.  He has been on the force for over 15 of them,
and chronically appears as though ready to snap at any given moment.  He
wears his uniform well, and every inch of his wide body is packed with
muscle.  A formidable specimen of the NYPD.

A convicted mugger   17831
This is one scary looking guy.  You wonder how many cops it took to bring him
in.  He has a tattoo on his arm that says, 'Frank Sinatra Forever'.  Mayor
Guiliani is getting tough on crime and it may mean the extinction of this
type of criminal.

A Subway Pickpocket    26825
This slime spends his days robbing people on their way to and from work.  He
usually works with a partner but it looks like his partner got away.  It's
amazing the cops haven't beaten this guy to death.  That's how they treat
criminals in the Big Apple.

Officer Brown    14418
Notorious for an incident in which he frightened a detained suspect so badly
that the kid fainted, Officer Brown is the tallest man in the precinct.  He
towers over even the most skyscraping criminals, which accounts partly for
his relegation to the interrogation squad.  He could get you to confess to
anything just by clenching his fist.

Captain Starsky   37105
You are in the company of one of the most decorated men in all of NYPD
history.  A legendary crime fighter, he once busted Guiliani for shoplifting
but let him off to save the city from shame.  If you mess with him, you'd
better have a badass lawyer or a top-notch paramedics unit at your immediate
beckon.


A large iron key
This is a large iron key that looks like something out of the middle ages.

Fingerprint Powder
A fine white dust utilized by detectives to identify fingerprints.
  The substance works by lightly spreading it over an object.  To
  use, just type 'powder <object>'.

Grease ball
A sickly little ball of grease covered with hair, dirt and general
  grime.  Wow, this must be your lucky day.

Captain Starsky's Badge
This is Captain Starsky's Badge.  It is pure silver and has the crest of the
NYPD imprinted on it.  It is attached to a silver chain and can be worn
around the neck.

.