chaos,4s,w

        1-x-x
        |   |
        x   x-x
        |     |
        x     x
        |      \
        x       2-3      
        |
        x-x-1-x    
               \     
                x     Hall-x
                 \
                  x
                   \
                    E-x-4

1: Rake
2: Stable
3: in to kitchen
4: in to hall
E: entrance/exit


Barn mouse   92
A cute little brown barn mouse.  It likes to run around the farm and
in the barns looking for food and killing little insects.
Unfortunately, for it, the cats like to kill it.

Goat    163
A grungy old goat.  He likes to dig around through the garbage and
cause trouble on the farm.  He's got mangy fur and a bad temper.

Sheep    389
A white wooley sheep.  It is raised on the farm for its wool. And
sometimes its meat.  It likes to run around making bah, bah noises and
frolicking down on the green pastures.

Cow    2641
A heathy brown cow.  This cow is bred for its milk and meat.  It likes
to spend its days grazing in the open meadows chewing on grass.

Frog    2168
A slimey green frog.  The frog likes to sit on its lily pad and catch
flies and water bugs with its long tongue.  It spends most of the
evening making loud croaking sounds and sometimes waking everyone up.

Duck     1729
A cute yellow duck.  It loves to waddle and swim in the pond.  It
likes to eat the little pond creatures unable to be seen by the human
eye.  It is very noisy sometimes, and makes delicious Duck l'Orange.

Rabbit    384
A cute fuzzy brown bunny rabbit.  It loves to sit in the garden and
eat the fresh vegetables.  Old MacDonald does not care so much for
this rabbit, as it destroys a lot of his crops.  It's probably a good
thing you kill it.

Old MacDonald    2981
Old MacDonald is a middle-age man about 6' tall.  He has golden brown
hair and piercing blue eyes.  His skin is tan and leathery from all
the years in the sun.  Years of hard work has left him with many
wrinkles and many muscles.  He is wearing blue denim overalls and a
white tee-shirt.  On top of his head, is his signature straw hat.  He
is a kind man with a warm heart.

Chicken   176
A typical farm chicken.  Its feathers are white and its beak is
reddish-brown.  It is raised soley for eggs and its flesh. It doesn't
do much more than peck at the ground and cluck.

Pig    156
A plump pink pig.  He's got little pig ears, little pig eyes and a
little pig tail.  This pig loves to roll around in the mud and eat
lots of food, which is good come holiday time.

Horse    149
A strong gray Worchestershire horse.  His eyes are dark and his mane
is almost white.  His tail whips back and forth as he swats away
horseflies.  His favorite snacks are carrots, apples, and the
occassional salt lick.

Mrs. Old MacDonald   1882
Mrs. Old MacDonald is a middle-age woman about 5' tall.  She has
golden brown hair and piercing blue eyes.  Her skin is pale and soft
from all the years inside the house.  Years of hard housework has left
her with many wrinkles and blisters on her hands.  She is wearing a
blue denim dress and a white blouse.  She is a sweet woman with a warm
heart and she bakes one mean cherry pie.

Cat   374
A beautiful short-hair american cat.  She is black with small patches
of white on her paws and belly.  She loves to catch barn mice and
sleep in open windows.  She also is good friends with the dogs.




A duck feather
A feather from a duck on Old MacDonald's farm.





