chaos,3e,3n

              x-x
              | |
          x-x-x-5
          |     |
    1-x-x-x-x-x-x
    |     |     |
    x-x-x-x     4
    |     |     |
  x-x-x-2-3     x
  |
  x
  |
  E

1: Dustfield's Yard
2: Scotland Yard
3: The Frying Pan Public House (pub)
4: Dorset Street Police Station


P.C. Charlie Baker    8422
Charlie is a lean and wiry individual, who walks with a confident
gait.  His jet-black hair and equally black eyes display a man with
little emotion or care for the world.  You get the impression he
doesn't much care for you or anyone else in the world, and it might be
wise not to cross him.

P.C. James Harvey   8628
James is a middle-aged man, probably somewhere in his late thirties.
He seems somewhat lost in thought as he patrols the streets, as if
thinking over some perplexing matter.  He glances up at your approach,
studies you intently for a moment, then resumes his thoughtful walk.

Francis Tumblety    400
Francis is a smaller man, but one who seems to walk as if he owns
everything he surveys.  Dressed in an unusually fine set of clothes,
he seems quite out of place for this end of town.  What you really
notice about him however, are his eyes, they are jet black, and seem
to reflect an almost inhuman coldness.  When he speaks his unusually
high pitched voice has a strong american accent.

Superintendant Thomas Arnold   8633
Thomas is dressed in a black great coat and hat that makes him appear
quite sinister in the light.  He walks slowly along, scanning the
surroundings thoroughly.  As you approach him he spends some time
watching you carefully, as if to determine your character purely by
how you walk.

Frederick Deeming   785
Frederick is a fairly normal man, dressed in plain clothes and a tall
hat that makes him difficult to make out.  He seems to be waiting for
something or someone, and he carefully inspects any who pass by.  He
glances your way briefly, and smiles at you, in a chilling and
predatory manner.  You notice he is carrying a black bag that looks
like a doctor's tool bag.

Inspector Fred Aberline   7968
The Inspector is a powerful looking man, even dressed casually as he
is now.  Tall and muscular, he gives you a sharp look as you approach,
clearly assessing you.  He looks tired, however, as if he has been
awake for several nights in a row.

Sir Robert Anderson  8040
Sir Robert is an older gentleman, and he is clearly almost at the end
of his tether.  Red eyed and stooped, the man who heads the
investigation into the Whitechapel Murders is clearly not faring well.
He glances up at you and a spark of hope flashes in his eyes.

P.C. William Jones   8199
William is a balding forty-something policeman with a thick beard that
climbs down to his chest.  He is fairly overweight and his breathing
is a little laboured.  He seems all in all to be quite displeased
about wandering the streets after dark.

Aaron Kosminski   400
This monstrously large Jewish man staggers about as if drunk, but his
wild eyes and random mutterings would seem to indicate that this man
is not in a sane state of mind at all.  He spots you as you near him
and he begins to wildly flail his arms, as if trying to ward you off.

Chief Constable Adolphus Williamson   8357
Adolphus is the head of the local police station, and as such is in
charge of the nuts and bolts of the Ripper Murders.  He seems
engrossed in a report on the murder, and barely acknowledges your
arrival.

Old Nichol    8743

Cooper    4162

Prince Albert Victor   412
His Royal Highness, Prince Albert Victor, heir to the throne and
Prince of Wales.  He is a tall thin man, and does not actually look
very well.  He seems quite surprised by your presence here, and stares
about wildly, as if looking for an escape route.

P.C. Shaun O'Flaherty   8188
Shaun is a hulking brute of a man, and it is reasonable to assume he
is something of a 'shock trooper' for the local constabulary.  He
glances at you with a fairly dull look, and you suspect this man was
not hired for his thinking abilities.  His massive jaw and fiery red
hair give you the impression of a celtic warrior dressed nicely.

Joseph Barnett          412
Joseph is a stocky man of average height and build, who seems agitated
for some reason.  He mutters to himself constantly, and twitches at
odd moments.  He glances your way and scowls at you, turning his
attention back to his hands, which for a second, look like they have
some kind of stain on them.


A Scrap of Cloth
A simple piece of cloth that seems to have been torn from some larger
object.  Perhaps this is the vital piece of evidence you need to
unmask a killer!

A Stout Truncheon
A straightforward policeman's truncheon, comprised of thick oak and a
metal grip.  Its functionality makes it quite useful in the quelling
of bad behaviour.

A Rusty Knife
A simple and worn knife, its owner doesn't seem to have looked after
it terribly well.  The blade is rusted, and the edge is not in good
condition.  Still it could serve well enough if you found yourself in
a tight spot.






examine:
<super hidden>, <super hidden>,

rust, layer of rust
A fine layer of rust covers most of the gate.

shadows, darkness, deep shadow, shadow, deep shadows
Deep shadows cover the yard, making it difficult to see even with light.  The
fog makes it seem like things are moving in the darkness, watching you perhaps.

fog, swirling fog, mist
The fog in the yard eddies about slowly, disturbed only by your own passage
through it.  It reflects your light back at you, making it difficult to see
properly and movement catches the corner of your eye regularly.

warehouse, massive warehouse
Overlooking one side of the yard is a massive warehouse.  It was originally
owned by M.J.Dutfield, and is the reason this place has become known as
Dutfield's Yard.  The building itself is old, and is now disused, and it seems
to have fallen into a state of disarray.  There doesn't seem to be any way to
enter it from here.

puddle, puddles, water, brackish water
It must have rained some time recently, as some of the potholes are filled with
a disgusting concoction of mud and brackish water.  It smells terrible.

sky, night
The sky is totally hidden from sight by the thick fog, leaving you with a
strange sense of wandering eternally through this nightmarish mist.

roadway
The roadway is back beyond the gate that you passed to get here, and is
impossible to see from here.

dutfield's yard, yard, dutfields yard
So named because a warehouse that backs onto the yard was owned by M.J.Dutfield
and Sons.  It is a small area, used originally to house the horses that were
used in the transporting of goods.  Dutfield himself has long since left,
leaving only his name as a legacy.

stable, small stable, abandoned stable, tiny yard
The stable is empty, and has long since ceased to be used by anyone.  Indeed the
yard itself has fallen into almost total disuse.

home, homes, building, buildings, facade, dark facades, dark dacade
Lining the yard on all sides, the dark facades of silent buildings rise.  There
is no sign of light or movement within them, and they cast black shadows about
the yard, making even the sickly yellow lighting from the gas lamps back in the
street seem inviting by comparison.

gate, old gate, rusty gate, iron gate, metal gate, rickety gate, rusted gate, rickety iron gate, iron, metal
The gate is old and rusted, and is not even completely shut.  You could squeeze
through it with little difficulty, and head back out to the road if you wanted.

lane, road, ground, street, row
The ground beneath is covered in ancient cobblestones.  Cracked and worn, they
are definitely showing their age.  Sporadic puddles and built up mud and rubbish
line the roadside, creating a constant smell of decay.

lining, roadside, mud, detritus, pile, piles, rubbish, slime, slimy pile, garbage
Lining the yard is what can only be described as a truly vile concoction of
rubbish, mud and water.  Some of it even seems to move on its own from time to
time in a very disturbing fashion.

cobbles, broken cobbles, cobble, cobblestone, broken cobblestone, broken cobblestones, cobblestones, stones
bump, bumps, stone, hole, holes, cracks, crack, pothole, potholes
Pitted and worn with age, the cobblestones are in a bad state of disrepair.  The
cracks and potholes, some of which are filled with brackish water, make the
footing treacherous and slow.

dirt
Lining the roadsides is what can only be described as a truly vile concoction of
rubbish, mud and water.  Some of it even seems to move on its own from time to
time in a very disturbing fashion.

thing, something
You carefully shine your light at the thing, revealing the lifeless corpse of a
woman.  Her throat has been slashed open, and her eyes stare lifelessly into the
night.  She looks surprised, so at least it seems her death was swift.

elizabeth, elizabeth stride, body, woman, corpse
She will eventually be identified as Elizabeth Stride.  A Swedish immigrant to
England who was forced into a life of prostitution after the death of her
husband and children in a boating accident.  The single slash across her throat
is the only wound she received.  It is considered likely that the Ripper was
interrupted during the murder itself, and was forced to flee the scene before he
could perform his more normal operations on the body.  Stride's murder is the
one that has created the most attention from the Ripper case, as there was a
mistaken report issued about grapes being found near the body.  It is also the
only murder where a witness was able to give a description of a man seen
accompanying her at about the time of her suspected death.  Unfortunately,
despite this, no investigation was ever able to positively identify a killer.

staring eyes, eyes, lifeless eyes
The woman's eyes stare into the fog above, seeing nothing

throat, slashed throat, wound, slash, cut
A single slash mars the woman's throat.  It would seem the wound would have been
almost instantaneously fatal.

search:
yard, durfield's yard, dutfields yard, 
You glance about the yard, but it is simply too dark to search in
general.  You would have to be much more specific if you hope to find
anything here.

<super hidden>, <super hidden>, 

swirling fog,mist, fog,  mist, fog, 
You peer vainly into the mist, trying to discern what it is hiding from
you, but it is a useless exercise, it is simply too thick to see clearly
beyond a couple of feet.

stone, stones, cobblestone, cobblestones, crack, cracks, holes, potholes, hole, pothole, 
bump, bumps, broken cobblestone, cobble, broken cobblestones, cobbles, broken cobbles, 
The cracks and bumps of the cobblestones, whilst certainly making your
life difficult, don't seem to be actually hiding anything that could
help you.

water, puddle, puddles, brackish water
As bad as it smells, the experience is nothing compared to the slimy and
chilling sensation you get when you actually put your hands in it to
search it.  Your efforts are rewarded with nothing.

mud, dirt, detritus, concoction, rubbish, roadside, pile, piles, slime, slimy pile, slimy piles, garbage
In what could quite conceivably be one of the most awful experiences of
your life, you leaf through the slimy piles of garbage lining the
roadside.  To your disgust you don't find anything.

night, sky
Even before you begin you abandon your study of the sky as a hopeless
endeavour.  This fog will not clear for you.

buildings, building, home, homes, facade, facades, dark facade, dark facades
The homes of the people of London are dark and silent.  No one leaves
their windows open or their doors unbarred in these evil times.  The
Ripper is loose, and he has brought terror with him.

road, roadway, ground, street, lane, row
You study the gorund in a general sense, trying to spot anything of any
use.  There's simply too much to look at in such a broad search however,
especially in this fog.  A more localized effort may be more effective.

gate, iron gate, rickety gate, iron, rickety iron gate, metal, metal gate, old gate, rusty gate, rusted gate
A quick search of the gate turns up nothing of any interest to you.

layer, layer of rust, rust
You inspect the rust a little more closely, but there seems to be
nothing unusual about it that you can see.

stable, small stable, abandoned stable, tiny yard,
You poke about the stable, but you can't seem to find anything of any
value to you.

warehouse, massive warehouse
You search about the warehouse as much as you can, but since there are
no entrances into the building itself that you can locate, that's not
very much.  To top it all off you also don't find anything of any use to
you.

shadows, shadow, deep shadow, deep shadows, darkness
You poke about the shadows and feel your foot bump against something in
the darkness.  It seems disconcertingly soft and warm.

something, thing
You realize that the thing is in fact the corpse of a woman.

corpse, woman, body, elizabeth, elizabeth stride
You search the remains carefully, but it seems the Ripper has
left no evidence here for you to be able to use.

lifeless eyes, staring eyes, eyes
There is nothing to be gained from searching them.

throat, slashed throat, wound, slash, cut
The wound is indicative of an extremely sharp weapon, probably a knife
of some kind.



(divine insight
Using your divine ability you discover the following information about the
environment you are in:
The following items can be examined in this room: lane, broken cobbles,
elizabeth stride, thing, old gate, homes, staring eyes, detritus, sky,
bump, stones, massive warehouse, metal gate, swirling fog, dark facade,
rusty gate, hole, layer of rust, concoction, iron gate, ground, night,
lifeless eyes, abandoned stable, metal, cobbles, broken cobblestones,
<super hidden>, slimy piles, dutfields yard, row, tiny yard, home,
something, yard, darkness, cobblestones, stable, pothole, brackish water,
warehouse, bumps, piles, rubbish, holes, dirt, wound, puddle, small stable,
rickety gate, pile, slashed throat, cobblestone, mist, slime, building,
broken cobblestone, rust, buildings, roadside, gate, slash, facades,
roadway, rusted gate, crack, potholes, stone, garbage, cut, elizabeth,
throat, eyes, cracks, mud, facade, iron, shadows, layer, slimy pile, deep
shadow, shadow, <super hidden>, road, woman, puddles, corpse, street, deep
shadows, dutfield's yard, fog, dark facades, cobble, rickety iron gate,
body, water
The following items can be searched in this room: yard, durfield's yard,
dutfields yard, mist, fog, <super hidden>, <super hidden>, swirling fog,
ground, road, street, lane, row, stone, stones, cobblestone, cobblestones,
crack, cracks, holes, potholes, hole, pothole, bump, bumps, broken
cobblestone, cobble, broken cobblestones, cobbles, broken cobbles, water,
puddle, puddles, brackish water, mud, dirt, detritus, concoction, rubbish,
roadside, pile, piles, slime, slimy pile, slimy piles, garbage, sky, night,
buildings, building, home, homes, facade, facades, dark facade, dark
facades, road, roadway, gate, iron gate, rickety gate, iron, rickety iron
gate, metal, metal gate, old gate, rusty gate, rusted gate, rust, layer,
layer of rust, stable, small stable, abandoned stable, tiny yard,
warehouse, massive warehouse, shadows, shadow, deep shadow, deep shadows,
darkness, something, thing, corpse, woman, body, elizabeth, elizabeth
stride, eyes, staring eyes, lifeless eyes, throat, slashed throat, slash,
cut, wound
You have discovered 32 of the 32 known rooms in this area.

.