chaos,2s,open book, read chapter 1



      |
  x-S-x-x
    |
    S
    |
    E


E: entrance/exit
   enter shoe(north)
S: stairs

An Old Woman    1495
An old woman stands before you. She appears to be a kind hearted soul,
yet you get an uneasy feeling when you meet her gaze. Her face is
riddled with wrinkles from years of hard work, and raising several
children. You might want to talk to her if you have a moment

You say: hi
Old Woman says: Welcome to my home, <Player>!

You say: shoe
Old Woman says: This is where my children and I live. I know it doesn't
                look like much, but we love the shoe; it's our home.

You say: children
Old Woman says: Yes, my dear, I have several children. Some are playing
                games in the shoe right now.

You say: games
The Old Woman says: My children love to play games in the shoe.
                      Why don't you enter the shoe and join them?


Julie    242
Julie is the oldest of the siblings. She is wearing a pair of bell
bottom dungarees, which have a butterfly patch ironed onto the left
knee, and a pink and white tank top. A butterfly tattoo, which matches
the patch on her pants, delicately surrounds her navel. She's holding an
old jump rope.

Jimmy    235
Jimmy is Johnny's identical twin. Even their own mother gets them
confused.  He is wearing a pair of dingy blue overalls. The overalls
have many pockets, perfect for hiding a little boy's treasures.  Jimmy
is holding three silver jacks, it looks like he misplaced the rest of
them.

Johnny     349
Johnny is Jimmy's identical twin. Even their own mother gets them
confused.  He is wearing a pair of dingy green overalls. The overalls
have many pockets, perfect for hiding a little boy's treasures. A joke
book is hanging out of one of the back pockets of Johnny's overalls.
Maybe he'll tell you joke if you ask him to.

Carl     155
Carl is the smart one in the family, but not smart enough to keep from
getting locked in that desk. He's wearing a pair of navy blue dockers
and a freshly pressed white button down shirt. A pocket protector sits
in his shirt pocket along with several pens and pencils. He's holding a
calculator in his hands. He clutches it with all his might, so his
brothers won't take it away from him.

Susie     204
Susie is the youngest member of the family. She has long blonde hair
and blue eyes. Her hair is tied back with a dainty white lace ribbon.
She is wearing a bright red dress that has a white lace bow tied
around the waist. The bow on the dress matches the ribbon in her hair.

Betsy    373
Betsy is a tomboy. She likes to climb trees, make mud pies, and play
rough with her brothers. Her pants are riddled with rips and tears, and
her blouse is splattered with splotches of mud. She's very fond of
bubbles. She carries a bottle of bubbles with her everywhere she goes.



A wooden spoon
A somewhat large and sturdy wooden spoon. It reminds you of the kind
that your mom used to chase you around the house with when you were
being naughty.

Julie's Jump rope
The jump rope has started to fray in several places and the plastic
handles, which it originally came with, fell off long ago.

Jacks
Three silver jacks are all that are left from the original set. It
doesn't look like they are of much use to you.

A joke book
This joke book belongs to Johnny. He's earmarked several pages which
contain some of his favorite jokes. After looking at the book for a few
moments you realize these are the corniest jokes you've ever read.

Carl's Calculator
This is Carl's prized possession, he'd be awfully upset if he knew you
had your hands on it. It's one of those fancy calculators that lets you
store some work in memory. You could press the power button and see what
he was working on last!

A pair of lace shoelaces
A pair of lace shoelaces that were once in Susie's shoes. She must have
taken them out of her shoes while she was practicing tying her shoes.

Betsy's Bubbles
A small plastic bottle of green bubbles. There is a label with
instructions on the back of the bottle. There is a metal top that is
used to keep the bubbles in their place.


