chaos,4w,e,s,w,s,2e,2n,enter whirlpool

deep pit       bottom of pit
  
   u/d               u
(up = exit)      stone portal (duh)



    x-x
   /   \
  x   1 x         x-x
  |    \|        /\/ \
  x     x       x d d-x
   \   /        |\   \|
    x-x         x-d d x
      |          \ /|/
      x           x-x
      |             |
      x-x           x
        |            \
      H-x-x           2
        | |
        x-S
          |
          x

1: take you up a level
2: where you end up
H: Hellpit [Fido]



Daemon guard   28835
Armour covers this guard's entire body, except the mouth.  The daemon
stands over ten feet tall.  His mouth is grotesque and twisted into a
leering grin.  You can't see his eyes, but their evil glow emanates
through his visored helm.

A Hellhound   13366
This beast is the spawn of Sin and Death - A Hellhound.  Flames leap
from his body as he prowls the Lake of Fire.  He looks extremely
vicious.

Kardaak   16542
Kardaak is a horribly deformed daemon, who's body is continually
wracked by terrible spasms.  As you look more closely, your eyes are
drawn to the fact that he has but one leg!

Baal   44381
Baal is huge, easily fifty feet tall. He moves ponderously but you
think he could move quickly if need be.

Thammuz   21085
Thammuz appears to be a handsome man.  Around his body swirls a
concealing mist that your eyes cannot penetrate.  This daemon looks
VERY powerful.  Beware!

Rimmon   17812
This daemon looks almost canine.  He snarls as you look at him,
drooling spittle onto the ground.  He also looks very big and very
strong.

Isis   37109
Isis has the head of an animal, and the body of a man.  A very very
large man.

Mulcifer   30473
Mulcifer appears as a brooding giant.  One of his legs is obviously
deformed.

Peor 
Dressed in a full suit of dark as night platemail, Peor stands guard
here.  His eyes glow a dull red as they watch you.

Dagon    33134
Dagon is a huge creature with a human torso and serpent tail. He
towers over you, dripping slime as he prepares to rip you apart.

Black Guard   40930
This is one of Lucifer's dark guards.  He is fully armoured and looks
very dangerous.

Lucifer
Lucifer stands near his throne brooding over a certain setback that
occurred near the beginning of Time.  He is dressed in flaming armour
and has a huge sword at his side.  Perhaps you should take advantage
of his preoccupation to make a quick exit.  He looks quite capable of
obliterating you with a word.

Orus   8383
Orus is one of the animal-headed gods of the Egyptians.  He was forced
into hell by the war of the giants.  He looks hideous and strong.

A huge demon   15104
The demon paces back and forth before the gateway.  He is twenty feet
tall, and massive.  He does not look like something to be trifled
with.  Perhaps it would be best if you left him alone.


A Hellhound Claw
This claw came from the spawn of Sin and Death - A Hellhound.  Blood
from the Hellhound's latest victim drips from the dagger-sharp point
of this curved bone.  This claw might inflict great pain on an
opponent if handled with care.

Daemon plate
This armour is huge, unbalancing for anyone but a giant.  It is black
as night, and a presence of evil taints the armour.

Daemon helm
This visored helm feels heavy in your hands, and the taint of evil
flows from it heavily.  Only the most foul would wear this helm
without flinching from its cool metal.

Bone Ring
This is a small ring of bone.  It feels unnaturally heavy in your
hand.  Something appears special about this ring, yet you are not
quite sure what it is.

Black Plate
This black armour is dimly visible.  The darkness it exudes takes the
form of black flames that flare from the armour.  It feels evil.

Beating heart
This is a still beating human heart, damp with the blood of its
previous owner.  You wonder what it is used for.

Mist Shield
This shield is as tall as a man, and three feet wide.  It looks like
translucent mist, but is somehow very solid.

Mask of Isis
This is the mask Isis wore to disguise himself in animal form.

Mulcifer's Hammer
This huge hammer can only be wielded by the strongest of warriors.
Attached to the end of the long, solid and wooden handle, is a massive
head forged from the purest of steel.  This hammer would appear to
inflict great pain if used correctly.

Black Chain
This black armour is made of metal loops linked together and attached
to a rough leather material.  The loops feel warm to the touch and
occasionally black flames flow through them.

Black Gauntlets
These black gauntlets are heavy, and made out of some metal you've
never seen before.  They feel strong and hard.

The Daemon Blade (enchanted)
This blade was forged from the essence of evil that permeates
Pandaemonium.  Its long blade is solid black, and a flaming mist flows
along it at all times.  There is an inscription on the hilt, written
in a flaming script.


.
