chaos,3e,2s,2e,n3e,n,pick paris

       E 
       |
       x
      / \
   2-x   x
     |   |
     x-1-x
     |   |
     x   x
      \ /
       x


1: climb tower
   comfort woman
   hold woman
   kill werewolf
   get talisman
   pry moonstone - Moonstone Marble
2: Paris: Theatre des Vampires [Santiago]

Happy Mime    11176
Don't you just hate Mimes?!  This poor fellow is dressed in all black
with a white clown's face.  He runs through his shtick at a mind
numbing pace.  He pretends he's trapped in a box, pulling an imaginary
rope, climbing an imaginary ladder.  After watching him for a few
seconds all you can think about is putting this pathetic wretch out of
his misery.

Angry Mime   11428
Don't you just hate Mimes?!  This poor fellow is dressed in all black
with a white clown's face.  This mime seems very mad for some reason.
Perhaps someone made fun of him, but regardless he's not happy and
he's looking for someone to pay for his discomfort.

Sad Mime   6187
Don't you just hate Mimes?!  This poor lady is dressed in all black
with a white clown's face.  You notice that she doesn't seem happy at
all. Her makeup is running from the tears she sheds. You're not sure
what's wrong, but killing her would probably make her happier.

Drunk   4045
This fellow is just disgusting.  A night of drinking and lying in the
gutters makes for a not so aromatic smell.  He's shabbily dressed and
looking for a place to take a nap.  He clutches his wine bottle like
it was his only possession.  Come to think of it, it probably is.

Quick Mime   9307
Don't you just hate Mimes?!  This poor fellow is dressed in all black
with a white clown's face. This mime is really fast! You barely see
him before he's off to bring smiles to more unsuspecting tourists. If
you want to slap this guy around, better do it fast!

Black Pigeon    184

Spotted Pigeon   184

A beautiful woman
Julie is a beautiful, demure young woman. Her sheer, loose fitting
blouse outlines of her firm, supple breasts. Julie looks distressed.
She is standing on the outside of the balcony looking down. She
appears to be crying. You're not sure what is wrong with her, but you
might want to try to comfort her.

Werewolf     21065
What was once a beautiful woman has, has changed into a mass of hair,
claws and razor sharp teeth. Now you understand why Julie was so
distressed. Perhaps you should have let her jump!



Onyx Boots
These boots are made from a single piece of carved onyx. They look
extremely bulky, but upon wearing them they are quite light and easy
to get around in. They are very delicate and should be handled with
care.

Onyx Gloves
These are leather gloves with carved onyx plates to add protection.
They're completely black with a polished reflective surface.
They are very delicate and should be handled with care.

Black Beret
Oh! Berets are tres chic!  This one will fit you perfectly!
They are great for wandering around Paris.  C'est magnifique!

A bottle of cheap red wine
It looks gross, but you could probably still get a buzz from it.

Onyx Shield
This is a flat smooth piece of onyx. It's black with a polished
reflective surface. It is very delicate and should be handled with
much care.

Talisman of the Moon
This is the legendary Talisman of the Moon. It is rumored to hold the
power of the moon and stars. It looks delicate, but you can feel the
power radiating from the moonstone embedded within the cold black
steel.

A small piece of moonstone
A simple, but beautiful, piece of clear moonstone.  It
has a brilliant blue sheen that seems almost ghostly.

.