chaos,3e,2s,2e,n,3e,s,enter,2n,e,open door,push button,shift lever 2 to 3,shift lever 3 to 2,enter wormhole



            S-x-x
           /|X|X|
          x-x-x-x
          |X|X|X|
          1-x-x-x
            |X|X|
            x-x-x
           /|/|X|
          x-x-x-x
            |X|/
            x-x
            |/
        1-x-x
        |
        x

1: An alien spacecraft












An Archaeopteryx   19030
The Archaeopteryx is one of the dinosaurs in the bird family.  It is a little
larger than a pigeon, and much less graceful in the air.  Its feathers are
colourful, and it possesses a large beak with many sharp teeth, quite unlike
your average every-day bird.

A Velociraptor
The Velociraptor is both cunning and viscious, its movements quick and
fluent.  It walks on its two hind legs, its eyes surveying the area for
something else to kill and eat.  Two smaller arms protrude from its body,
which are probably used more for support and holding prey, than in hunting.
Its medium sized head is home to a large mouth, filled with razor sharp
teeth, just perfect for ripping apart the flesh of its prey.

A Koronosaurus   22274

A Smilodon    24257

A Tylosaurus    22362

A tyrannosaurus rex   36796
The tyranosaurus rex is probably one of the most fearsome cretures that you
have ever laid eyes on.  Standing fifteen feet tall, and forty feet long, it
is a most awesome creature.  It possesses long, powerful hind legs, that
propel it with great speed and power, while its front arms are small and weak
looking. Its head is large with a razor-sharp-tooth filled mouth.

It may be wise to avoid this massive beast, else become its next meal.

A Stegosaurus    19312
The stegosaurus looks similar to an ant-eater, but much much larger. Large
plate-like spines protrude from its back, running in a line from the back of
its head to the end of its tail, where four long spikes can be seen.  Its
short stubby legs carry it along close to the ground, its head dipping
occasionally to eat some of the grass.

A Triceratops   17959
The Triceratops looks like a tank, its head covered in a large bony plate
which sports two long sharp horns, and one smaller on on the tip of its nose.
The plate extends backwards, shielding its neck slightly, and is as hard as
a rock.  It rumbles slowly along, eating plants, its short tail dragging
along behind it.

A Brachiosaurus    20684
The Brachiosaurus towers above you, its four massive legs supporting its huge
body.  A long neck protrudes from its body, its small head looking tiny in
comparison to the rest of its body.  A giant tail drags along behind it,
easily as long as its body.

A Diplodocus   19393
The diplodocus towers above you, its four massive legs supporting its huge
body.  A long neck protrudes from its body, ending small head that looks tiny
in comparison.  A giant tail drags along behind it, easily as long as its
body, which could wreck havok if used to crush its foes.

A weird looking alien    34923
The alien is about four feet tall, its body small and round.  Its face
appears to be part of its body, the large snake-like eyes peering at you with
interest.  A small mouth is located between the eyes, and you can't see
anything that you could define to be a 'nose'.  Three arms protrude from the
body, one on each side, and one from its front.  Each arm is thin and bony,
possessing four joints and ending in a small six-fingered hand.  Its skin is
brown and leathery, appearing to be damp and slimy.  A light green pattern
covers its body, which appears to be darker around the joints and facial
features.

A gaurdian robot    420



A dinosaur claw
Liberated from the corpse of some poor unsuspecting dinosaur, this
claw looks rather wicked.  Curved and razor sharp, it could most
surely tear flesh quite easily.

A dinosaur tooth
Ripped from the jaw of a recently deceased dinosaur, the sheer size of
this tooth makes you wonder how that could of ever been accomplished.

A small card
The card is about three inches long, two inches wide, and an eighth of an
inch thick.  Covering its surface are various symbols and alien writing.

.