chaos,2e,s,d

               x-1
              / 
           x-x
          /   \
       x-x     x
      /   \   /
   u-x     x-x
      \   /
       x-x

1: Struggling Realities [Orthas]


A big black fly (mutator)   92
This fly seems to thrive in this environment, it is more than three
inches wide and doesn't seem to be afraid of you. It looks like easy
prey.


A green slimy frog (mutator)
This is a very flat frog, it almost resembles a plate. The big mouth,
spanning more than halfway around the frog, is slightly opened in a
grin barely exposing the coiled up tongue that takes up most of the
room in the mouth. Its eyes protruding from the top of its head are
constantly darting back and forth. It would probably be easy to kill.

A mosquito buzzing about (mutator)
The mosquito is circling you, obviously looking for food. It would
probably be easy to kill.

A glowing firefly with long legs (mutator)
This insect has legs almost three feet long, with which it stalks the
surface of the river. It has big wings as well, but its body is
disproportionally small, measuring only about four inches in diameter.
A bright, yellowish-green light shines from the body. It would
probably be easy to kill.


A mutation (mutator)  156
This "being" does not look like something that should be alive.
Several eyes on protrude from the mass of flesh. It seems to float on
top of the river, while letting in some of the slimy water, as if it
is digesting the river itself. It would probably not be too hard to
kill.

A floating thingie (mutator)
This thingie is hard to spot, floating just below the surface of the
river. It uses water for propulsion, sucking it in at its front and
jetting it out through its rear, enabling it to move very fast even
though it lacks limbs. It would probably not be too hard to kill.

A scrawler scrawling about (mutator)   183
The scrawler looks a bit like a mix between a tarantula and a lobster
with dark hair growing between the scales covering its body. There are
several bulbs along its legs, apparently holding air to keep it
afloat. It would probably not be too hard to kill.


A large green maggot (mutator)
This pale green maggot has a brighter glow to it than the surrounding
fluorescent slime. It looks like easy prey.

A fat transparent worm (mutator)
The front part of this worm is one big mouth, engulfing some of the
largest lumps in the water with ease. The worm is transparent, and you
can study the work of its intestines. It swallows big lumps, chewing
them a bit before sending them further down its digestion channels the
lumps are dissolved and processed through a long coiled tube from
where it is excreted back into the river in a steady flow. It looks
like easy prey.


The glowing gore of the fly
This is the gore of a mutator. It is glowing slightly with radiation.
The smell from this slimy piece of gore reminds you of the place where
you picked it up.

The glowing gore of the scrawler
This is the gore of a mutator. It is glowing slightly with radiation.
The smell from this slimy piece of gore reminds you of the place where
you picked it up.

.