icelands portal,e,n

                           random exits         mountain       cave
                demons      every boot 
                              | | |                 6-x          x-x-x-x-x
                  4          -x-D-x-                             | |   | |
                  |           | | |                 x-c        E-x x A x B
    1-x 3       x-x-x        -x-x-x-                               | | |
    | | |         |           | | |               x-x-c            x-x x x
  d-x-x-2         u          -x-x-R-                                 | | |
    | | |                     | | |             x-c-x                x-x-x
    x-x-x                    -x-x-x-                                   |
   /                          | | |           5-c                    x-x
  x
   \
    E

1: climb mountain
2: cave
3: Verbeeg Chieftan
   give Cryohydra hide to verbeeg
4: enter circle
R: Rip (entrance)
D: Ice Devil
5: mountain start
6: enter - Verbeeg Shaman
A: pry gem from west sculpture


A small ice weasel    3820
This small rodent has adapted to the coldness of the Icelands over
many generations. A white fur coat covers the weasel to keep it warm
and the gleaming white teeth allow the weasel to tear its prey apart.

A bulky Verbeeg    33856
A 'Dwarf' among the giant race, this ogre still looks like he could
tear you limb from limb. The Verbeeg's skin is very tough and can
withstand the coldness of the ice valley among other things.

A Verbeeg   25945
A 'Dwarf' among the giant race, this ogre still looks like he could
tear you limb from limb. The Verbeeg's skin is very tough and can
withstand the coldness of the ice valley among other things.

Verbeeg cook   42880
This Verbeeg seems to be the one that cooks the food for the rest of
the giants. He cuts off chunks of mutton with a cleaver that he wields
with the greatest of ease.

Biggrin    58127
They call him Biggrin for obvious reasons, his upper lip has been torn
off giving him an evil looking grin. His massive bulk shows that he
could easily smash anyone that dared attack him.

A dangerous Verbeeg Sentinel   60312
This is the largest Verbeeg you have ever seen. He stands about a foot
taller then the other Verbeegs around the valley and he is almost
twice as heavy. He is covered with pieces of metal armor that have
been stitched into strategic places providing him with a good amount
of protection. He carries a spiked club with him and a bundle of
spears strapped to his back.

The Verbeeg Chieftain
This is the chieftain of the Verbeeg group. The chieftain is in charge
of the group and makes all the decisions around here. The chieftain is
usually chosen by his great experience and knowledge from the rest of
the Verbeegs when the time comes. This overweight chieftain has gray
whiskers showing up in his hair and one of his uneven eyes twitches a
bit. He is covered with fine furs and hides which make him look fatter
then he already is.

Ice Golem   39528
A Golem constructed out of solid ice. Its body has a clear blue tint.
This being was probably created by a powerful mage.

A cave bat   12273
A bat that lives in dark caves.

A larva   17100
A slimy looking worm type creature with a black pupil on the front for
an eye. The larva is very plump and is about the same size as your
arm.

Azalin (lich)   248916
Azalin WAS trying to summon a demon from the nine planes of hell but
his plans have been interrupted by your presence. He doesn't seem too
happy about it either.

Lesser Ice Demon   24525
The demon's yellow eyes are the only colors which separates themselves
from the icy blue skin of the creature. The claws of the demon are
solid ice as well as the entire body of the demon. These are the
things Azalin must have been trying to conjure, or was it something
else?

Greater Ice Demon   18440
The demon's yellow eyes are the only colors which separates themselves
from the icy blue skin of the creature. The claws of the demon are
solid ice as well as the entire body of the demon. These are the
things Azalin must have been trying to conjure, or was it something
else?

Gigantic Ice Devil (bloodthirsty)   88344
Towering high above you, this ice devil has lived its life in the
ether, waiting for some unsuspecting wizard to release it from its
prison. The devil shows some resemblance to the ice demons you ran
into but this creature is made out of flesh and ice and is four times
larger. The beast also shows signs of intelligence and has a
shortsword strapped to his side.

A pack of snow leopards  56038
These graceful cats are hunting for their next victim while huddled
together. Their sharp teeth drip with blood, matching the color in
their evil radiating eyes. The leopards slowly circle around you,
making agile steps with their short legs in order to minimize off
balance time. The cats continually let off a rolling growl to let you
know they mean business.

A snow leopard    9409
The leopard is a graceful cat with a long body and relatively short
legs. The cat's fur is tinted with a smoky gray color and it is
decorated with dark rosette shaped spots.  Its huge feet are equipped
with razor sharp claws and the feline's bushy tail wags violently in
sharp, brisk swings.

A deadly horde of winter wolves   67089
A pack of snarling beasts lie in your path. Each wolf stares at you
with its glowing red eyes, licking their chops in delight. The wolves
are arranged in formation as they communicate with each other with
their high pitched barks.  The pack's size and foul emanation
overwhelms you.

A snarling winter wolf   15300
The winter wolf is a masterpiece when it comes to animal designs. The
wolf's glistening white fur is accompanied by its powerful jaw, wide
strong teeth, bushy tail and round pupils. As the wolf pants, a frosty
cloud emanates from its breath due to the wolf's cold disposition.

A wild goat herd      44428
This collection of bloodthirsty goats were once peaceful animals that
grazed the mountainside in harmony but now are possessed fiends with
soulless red eyes. The goats vary in size but they all have muscular
legs and their thick coats are darken with filth. The goats fight as
one and don't appear to be led by any goat leader.

A charmed mountain goat   8379
The goat fights with passion and seems set on killing its foe. The
goat is protected by a thick winter coat which provides ample
protection against the harsh climate of the Icelands. The goat stomps
its powerful legs into the ground while thrusting its slightly curved
horns into the air. The goat stares coldly at you with its pulsating
red eyes.

A six headed Cryohydra   177872
An immense reptilian monster stands before you blocking the entrance
way into the stone tower.  The monster is arranged with multiple
heads, each consisting of crimson eyes and yellow white teeth that can
rip through anything.  Each head is attached to a long snake-like neck
that gives the cryohydra a tactical advantage in combat.  The armored
skin of the hydra is purplish-brown in color and the underbelly is a
dark shade of yellow.  The cryohydra and their race are very rare but
you don't feel today is the day to preserve their species. Each of the
cryohydra's six heads are alive and well.

A renegade Verbeeg Shaman    174687
A seasoned Verbeeg, the shaman has long gray hair and his thin body is
showing signs of forming age spots. The giant isn't as large as most
Verbeeg but his height allows him to move around in the tower with
freedom and still look tall. The shaman is lightly clothed, wearing a
leopard skin cloak over a plain outfit. The Verbeeg stands with
confidence, for he wields great power within. In his left hand, he
grips a glowing stone that pulsates with mystical energy.

A raving Ice Gremlin   8475
The ice gremlin looks like a hybrid between a troll and an elf. The
gremlin stands about three feet tall with a rigid blue hide that can
withstand the harsh cold environment of the cavern. With the oversized
ears attached to the gremlin's head, it can sense movement extremely
well in any amount of light. The elongated arms of the gremlin flail
about as it giggles insanely.

A frisky Ice Gremlin    8647
The ice gremlin looks like a hybrid between a troll and an elf. The
gremlin stands about three feet tall with a rigid blue hide that can
withstand the harsh cold environment of the cavern. With the oversized
ears attached to the gremlin's head, it can sense movement extremely
well in any amount of light. The elongated arms of the gremlin flail
about as it giggles insanely.

A Monstrous Yeti    60476
The yeti stands eight feet tall and is covered in long white fur. Its
feet and hands are wide and flat which helps it disperse its great
weight on the snow. It travels on all fours but fights very
comfortably standing erect. The yeti has a strong musky odor. The yeti
eyes are icy blue to almost colorless, and its claws and flesh are
ivory white.  It has a transparent second eyelid which allows the
creature to see in blowing snow and prevents its eyes from freezing in
the extreme cold of this arctic tundra.

Deadly White Pudding 36562
The pudding is a voracious mass which continually shifts its globular
form. This cold loving creature is easily mistaken for ice and snow,
guaranteeing surprise even under the best of conditions. They can live
by devouring any living or vegetable matter; even ice provides them
with enough nutrition to exist.

A wooden club
A club crafted from a thick piece of wood.

Ice Gloves
These gloves have been sewn together with fibers made out of ice. You
don't know how it was made but they seem very sturdy and protective.

A meat cleaver (ensharpened)
A sharp knife used for cutting thick slabs of meat. There are blots of
blood scattered on the blade of the cleaver. This one has seen much
use.

Ice Boots
This pair of boots are made out of solid ice. The boots are well made
and don't show any signs of melting.

Ice Armor
A sheet of ice crafted to be worn over the body and protect.

Ice club
A club carved from solid ice.

A roasted macaque carcass
  This is a fine piece of meat indeed.  Perfectly roasted over an open
fire, and seasoned to perfection.

A spiked club
The club is made out of a sturdy piece of wood with metal spikes
forced into the wood in random places.

Dagger of gold (enchanted)
A finely crafted dagger made of pure gold. You sense a greed in the
blade for gold.

A chunk of ice - worth 20sp
This is a fist sized chunk of ice. This is no ordinary chunk of ice
though, it is a piece of a slain ice demon which dwells in the ether.
If you are thirsty enough, you could probably suck on it.

A winter wolf pelt
This beautiful white pelt was recently skinned off a wolf and is in
very good condition. A good price could be fetched for this item at
the market for it can be made into wonderful clothing by a fine
craftsman.

An unprepared leopard skin
The skin is decorated with rosette shaped spots, bringing such beauty
to such a body part as skin.

A chunk of wolf meat
This is a rather nasty looking piece of raw meat. The odor from the
meat is rather strong and a few flies buzz around it. The meat doesn't
look very appetizing but it will satisfy your hunger.

A torn wolf ligament
Before you is a collection of firm, fibrous tissue attached to some
unknown body part, hopefully, a leg. There is little to no skin on
this piece of meat, exposing it to the fast decaying process. Better
eat it before it spoils.

A torn leopard ligament
Before you is a collection of firm, fibrous tissue attached to some
unknown body part, hopefully, a leg. There is little to no skin on
this piece of meat, exposing it to the fast decaying process. Better
eat it before it spoils.

Head of Cryohydra
This is the severed head of Cryohydra. You notice it has a few large
teeth, some off-white from the stains of the blood of its meals. You
might be able to pull some out as a souveneir of your battle.

Scaly hide of a Cryohydra
This is a large section of skin from a cryohydra. The skin is made up
of thousands of thin, flat, bony outgrowths that overlap and form a
nearly complete covering. Each scale is a slightly different shade of
color from the next scale giving the hide a overall color of a
purplish-brown. The skin is magical in nature, making it flexible and
very tough.

Powerstone
The powerstone was created as a focal point of magic by a mage
who is long deceased. The stone is pitch black but a strange
energy is radiated from the object giving it a bluish glow.
While understanding and mastering the true powers of the stone
would take years, the object does provide a fuel source for
your magical energy. This regeneration of magical energy does
come at a cost though for the powerstone will slowly eat away
at your soul. If your soul has been eaten away enough so you
become very weak, the stone will overcome you and send you to
the grim reaper. You feel holding the stone would provide the
ideal case in which the power of the stone would flow through
you.

Dermal Boots of the Cryohydra
These boots were hand crafted out of the skin of a cryohydra. The
boots are covered by thousands of thin, flat, bony outgrowths that
overlap and form together. Each scale is a slightly different shade of
color from the next scale giving the boots a overall color of a
purplish-brown. The cryohydra skin is very tough and makes an
excellent material for making these boots potentially indestructible.

Dermal Gloves of the Cryohydra
These gloves were hand crafted out of the skin of a cryohydra. The
gloves are covered by thousands of thin, flat, bony outgrowths that
overlap and form together. Each scale is a slightly different shade of
color from the next scale giving the gloves an overall color of a
purplish-brown. The cryohydra skin is very tough and makes an
excellent material for making these gloves potentially indestructible.

Dermal Helmet of the Cryohydra
This helmet was hand crafted out of the skin of a cryohydra. The
helmet is covered by thousands of thin, flat, bony outgrowths that
overlap and form together. Each scale is a slightly different shade of
color from the next scale giving the helmet an overall color of a
purplish-brown. The cryohydra skin is very tough and makes an
excellent material for making this helmet potentially indestructible.

Dermal Cloak of the Cryohydra
This cloak was hand crafted out of the skin of a cryohydra. The cloak
is covered by thousands of thin, flat, bony outgrowths that overlap
and form together. Each scale is a slightly different shade of color
from the next scale giving the cloak an overall color of a
purplish-brown. The cryohydra skin is very tough and makes an
excellent material for making this cloak potentially indestructible.

Dermal Shield of the Cryohydra
This shield was hand crafted out of the skin of a cryohydra. The
shield is covered by thousands of thin, flat, bony outgrowths that
overlap and form together. Each scale is a slightly different shade of
color from the next scale giving the shield an overall color of a
purplish-brown. The cryohydra skin is very tough and makes an
excellent material for making this shield potentially indestructible.

A frosty blue gem
You hold in your hand a beautiful blue gem. The gem seems to absorb
surrounding heat giving it an icy touch. As you gaze towards the gem's
core, you feel as if it can achieve infinite coldness.

A glow stick
This is a magically enhanced glow stick used for spelunking. You've
heard tales of such sticks being sold by wizards to adventurers for
exploring dark places where air was in short supply. When bent and
shaken, the stick comes to life and emanates a soft blue glow that
provides just enough illumination to explore even the darkest of
caves. The light the stick provides is only useful in limestone caves
since its glow radiates off the limestone rocks. It is not active.
It looks light.

A glob of goo
This glob of goo is about the size of your head and has a transparent,
milky texture to it. The goo stays solidified rather well and only
slightly shifts its shape when you apply pressure to it. You guess
that the goo came from a shape shifting creature but the goo doesn't
have much life to it being away from its live host. The goo contains
magical properties and you could fetch a large fee at the market for
it.



.
