3e,2s,2e,n,3e,s,enter,2n,e,open door,shift lever 1 to 3, shift lever 2 to 2, push button, wormhole


                    S
                   /
          x-x-x-x-x
         /|/ \|X|/
    x-x-x-x   x-x
   /|X|X|X|\ /|/
  x-x-x-x-x-x-x
   \|/   \|/
    1   x-x

1: squeeze through opening
   enter wormhole (exit)
   search pool


A gigantic, hairy spider with huge fangs       49138
This spider is enormous!  More than just a spider, this thing has one hell
of a mean disposition.  Possessing a round body, roughly three feet in
diameter, dominated by two huge fangs, this spider means business.  Its
body is supported by the eight solid legs, their exoskeletal covering
looking like armour plating.

A large hairy spider       19797
The spider's extremely hairy body is about one foot in diameter, and about
three inches thick.  Eight, hairy legs protrude from the body at regular
intervals, each possessing four joints for freedom of movement.  Two large
fangs protrude menacingly from below its small eyes.

A small spider with long legs    19484
Its body not much larger than a human fist, this spider looks quite
harmless.  Looks can be deceiving though, as this spider doesn't seem
to look afraid of you.  Its long legs seem slightly out of proportion
to its body, being roughly one and a half feet long.

A spider with fifteen legs and huge pincers      50899
Looking more like a cross between a crab and a spider, this creature looks
like it could be quite nasty when provoked.  Possessing two large pincers
protruding from its body, and fifteen sturdy legs, you begin to wonder if
the spiders here feed on other things apart from liquefied insects.

A huge spider with nine legs and a scorpion's tail     49137
At about three feet in size, this spider is very large indeed.  Most
unusual about it is its scorpion-like tail, possessing a needle-like
stinger at the end.  Supporting its bulk are nine legs, each covered
with short hair, which looks more like spikes.  Two huge fangs, easily
half a foot long, protrude from its head, no doubt ready to inject
lethal poison.

A tiny spider with big eyes     18309
This spider is relatively small, its round body just four inches in
diameter.  Two large eyes dominate its features, their surface tinted red,
matching the moonlight.  Small, spindly legs support its weight, looking
almost too frail to do so with any degree of stability.

A baby black spider     18295
At about three inches in size, this spider is somewhat smaller than what
you would picture to live in this area.  Its disc shaped body is covered
with a fine fur, as is its long, thin legs.  A set of fangs that clash with
the rest of the spider's diminutive stature protrude a full inch from its
small head, giving it an almost comical appearance.  Lighter patches in the
spider's hairy covering continue to project this appearance, by forming the
unmistakable shape of smiling faces on its back and under body.  Maybe one
day it will grow large enough to suit its presently mismatched fangs.

A red spider with yellow bands    18507
About half a foot in diameter, this spider looks quite pretty with its
bright colours.  Predominantly red, the spider also possesses numerous
yellow bands, circling its legs and body.  Two small fangs glint in the
moonlight, reminding you that it is a dangerous creature, despite its
beauty.



A bundle of spider's silk
This damp bundle of spider's silk is made up of hundreds of glistening
threads, currently packed rather loosely and about two inches in
diameter.
pack silk, pack silk, pack silk - Silk Marble
.