Silicon Wraiths HQ [Nermal]
Dirs: Science,u,3e,d,e,path, 8e, 17n, e, enter, 10e, 10ne, w, n

Ground Floor:

 x-s-x-x
   |   |
 x-x-x x
   | |
   M x-x
   |
   E

E: Entrance/exit
s: stairs
M: look at walls,look at holes in west wall,hit west wall,get wood,break wood,identify knot (Wood Marble)


First Floor:


  x-s-x x
    | | |
  x x 1-x
  |/ /|\
  x s V x

s: stairwell
   Talon
   say <name>
   say authorized
   say azrael
1: search seams
   press button
   enter <number>
V: elevator
   
Second Floor:

  x-s-x 4
  | | | |
  x x 3 1
   \ /  |
  2-x-x-x

1: unlock drawer 2
2: search tools
3: mob has a key
   say test
   say talon, kerrie, azrael
   say basement
   say megatech, sonybishi
   you will get a random number code
4: A metal armour rack


Basement:

  x---1
   \ /
    x
    |
    x
    |
    V

1: Azrael

A grungy gang-member (Carl)   17791
This grungy man is wearing faded denim jeans, an oil-stained white
T-shirt and a beaten up leather jacket.  His long, greasy hair does
little to hide the scars on his face and his once-broken nose.  It
looks as if this guy has been in a few too many fights.  From the
breadth of his shoulders, he might have won some too.

A hyper-alert gang member (Ted)   14468
Standing before you is a slender man with slicked back black hair and
a scraggly goatee.  He twitches constantly, as if he had fleas.  Given
the state of the building, you aren't surprised.  He is wearing an old
bomber jacket, ripped T-shirt and dirty jeans.  As you watch, he keeps
looking around nervously.  It gives you the creeps.

An ex-military gang-member (Talon)  59831
This man stands well over 6' tall and has a chest so broad and deep
that it must conceal dermal plating of some sort.  While he is tanned,
muscled and sports several scars, knowing and friendly blue eyes stare
out from under blonde hair.  The sheer size of him is increased by
obvious cyberware and you'd swear that, as a guard, he is in constant
communication with at least one other person.  However, for all his
bulk, this man moves with the grace of a dancer, or a cat.

A lithe and athletic gang-member  (Sarah)   42416
This tall woman has short, dark hair and an intense gaze.  She moves
with inhuman grace, never a wasted motion.  You notice her evaluating
you as you check her out.  She smiles a fraction of a second before
you look away.  Wired reflexers live in a world of their own.

A small, wiry gang-member (Scott)   30102
In front of you is a man of average height and wiry build.  He only
seems short by contrast to the cybered hulks you have seen elsewhere
around the place.  He has dark brown hair that needs washing and
alert, green eyes.  This gang-member is dressed totally in black and
has a disconcerting habit of twitching his eyes and body as he talks
and moves.

An amazon of a female gang-member (Ellen)   52172
Tall and statuesque, this auburn haired beauty casually twirls a
shotgun as she lounges against a wall.  Like many cybered individuals,
you can see the tell-tale bulk of implanted plating under her skin.
Looking up to her eyes, you catch her watching you.  She smiles thinly
as she lights an evil smelling cigar.

A very young gang-member (Mike)   14954
This kid can't be more than seventeen and he's slender for that age
anyway.  He has light brown hair and hazel eyes that seem older than
his years.  As you look at him, he smiles shyly and subvocalises
something.

A bulky, heavily muscled gang-member (Stella Michaels)   52497
You have to glance twice to assure yourself that this gang-member is a
woman.  She has better muscle definition than many male bodybuilders
and moves with a certain lethal grace.  Her shaved head draws
attention to various battle scars that make a mask of her face.  As
you look, she scowls at you and you see the characteristic bulk of a
micromissile launcher on her shoulder.

A quiet, pensive gang-member (Mitch)   19015
This small man has black hair and brown eyes.  His skin is much darker
than you'd expect an indoor person's to be.  As you move around, his
eyes follow you but he gives no indication that he even cares about
your presence.

A nervous, twitchy gang-member (Todd)   19275
A sandy blonde gang-member twitches in place as he stares at nothing
in particular.  He barely registers your presence even as you step
close.  His pale complexion and blue eyes are clouded in thought.

A serene gang-member (Kerrie)   22073
This woman is short and slight with blonde hair and grey-green eyes.
She has an air of sadness about her, as if she has seen too much and
had life's brutal realities thrust upon her.  You have absolutely no
idea how old she is but she is in great shape, no matter what her age.

An absolutely huge gang-member (Thor)   55682
This man towers above you; he stands just on two metres tall.  His
shaved skull leads into chiseled features and shoulders that look
twice as wide as they should be.  You realise that he has had a linear
frame implanted and guess that he must be incredibly strong.  His blue
eyes reflect a sense of peace as he acknowledges your presence.

An intently concentrating gang-member (Midnite)   16280
Staring intently at nothing is a tiny woman without visible
cybernetics.  Of Asian origin, she has fine bones and black hair.  Her
eyes flicker randomly as she watches things you can't see and you
occasionally see her subvocalise a statement.

A quietly confident combat veteran (Imogen)   87642
This woman is of medium height with short, straight black hair.  Her
blue eyes hold a jaded look as she quickly sizes you up.  You notice
that she rests lightly on the balls of her feet, as if perpetually
ready to move in any direction.  She smiles slightly as you evaluate
her and you decide that this lady is very dangerous even though she
has no visible cybernetics.

A hulking, chrome cyborg (Azrael)   168847
Fear grips you as you stare at this human.  It is a primal fear, one
you can't control.  It is the fear of the unknown, the fear of inhuman
death.  Standing just under two metres tall, the man in front of you
has reflective eyes and a chromed skull. His body is bulky in ways no
human could be and he moves with a grace you can only envy.


Items:
A clip of 10mm ammo
This long clip is designed to be loaded into the Glock series of
autopistols.  It holds 35 rounds of 10mm ammo in a double row of
bullets.
You check the clip and see that 35 rounds remain.

A Glock 20 10mm autopistol
This sleek and deadly autopistol takes 10mm rounds and accepts a 35
round clip.  Featuring a smooth trigger action, the Glock 20 is
incredibly accurate.

A bodyshield of translucent plaspex
This moulded piece of translucent plaspex is hinged to snap closed
around the body of the wearer.  The product of a technological
society, it is resistant to many forces.  It is designed to cover the
torso only but is relatively light and quite comfortable.

A military shotgun
Made of light weight plastic and carbon fibre steel, this shotgun is
capable of firing many types of ammunition.  There is a mounting for a
drum on top of the gun.

A drum of basic shotgun rounds
This is a compact drum of shotgun ammo.  It can hold up to 80 rounds.
Each round has hundreds of tiny metal bearings inside.  These will
scatter and virtually shred an unarmoured opponent.
You check the drum and see that 80 rounds remain.

A drum of solid-slug shotgun rounds
This is a compact drum of shotgun ammo.  It can hold up to 80 rounds.
Each round has a large, solid slug instead of the usual load of small
metal bearings.  Such rounds are designed to give a little more
'punch'.
You check the drum and see that 80 rounds remain.

A drum of phosphorus shotgun rounds
This is a compact drum of shotgun ammo.  It can hold up to 80 rounds.
Each round has many tiny pellets of phosphorus inside and will ignite
on contact with air.  Such weapons are, of course, outlawed.
You check the drum and see that 80 rounds remain.

A cartridge of modified paintballs
This is a compact drum of shotgun ammo.  It can hold up to 12 rounds.
Each round has hundreds of tiny metal bearings inside.  These will
scatter and virtually shred an unarmoured opponent.
You check the cartridge and see that 25 rounds remain.

A heavily modified skirmish rifle (enhanced)
This is a small rifle that can be held in one hand.  Its plastic
barrel and grip are designed for comfortable firing of paintball
rounds.  It looks as if someone has made some modifications to this
rifle to make it accept slightly larger paintballs than normal.

A Sonybishi P-49a Pulse Dagger
This slender dagger is somewhat heavy due to the powerpack in the
hilt.  The dagger is not terribly sharp but it is very comfortable to
hold and well balanced to either slash or stab.  You notice an
intricate network of metallic veins running through the blade but are
not certain what they mean.

A small key
A nondescript key made from brown metal.  Nothing on it gives any
indication of what it would open.

A Sonybishi Hi-E Energy Storage Cell
This is a small tube of black metal with a silvery prong sticking out
of one end.  On the side of the tube, near the base, you can see a
tiny gauge.

A Battleshroud(tm)
This reflective cloak is made of some unknown material and is heavy
and fairly cumbersome.  Obviously not designed for a weakling, it
seems to almost mould to your body as it falls from your shoulders.
Made by Sonybishi in a secret factory, this cloak was never meant to
be worn by anyone who doesn't work for that corporation.   Down at the
bottom of the Battleshroud(tm), you can see the Sonybishi logo.

A baseball bat with several nails through it
For cruelty value, the addition of several nails into a perfectly
ordinary baseball bat must rate pretty highly.  Three nails have been
hammered through the end of this wooden bat and spaced in such a way
that it's almost certain that someone will be struck by one of them.


