wanders - A Chocolate Cake, indulge cake


     x 3 4   5
      \| |  /
       x x x
        \|/
     2-x-E-A-6
        / \
       x   B
      /     \
     1       7


A: rattle knocker
B: set 6 6 6
E: start - redeem myself - exit
1: sloth - summons Sloth
2: lust - summons Lust
3: gluttony - summons gluttony
4: pride - summons pride
5: wrath - summons wrath (aggro)
6: envy - summons envy
7: greed - summons greed



A Skanky Ho (underage)   163
Ewww, this underage skanky ho has managed to sneak in here, do the
club a favor and get rid of her.

A man (sinning)   2789
An inhabitant of Sin City.  You're not sure what sin this man is
committing, but it's fairly safe to assume that because he lives here,
he is indeed a sinner.  Shuffling along with his head down and his
trenchcoat pulled tightly around him, he is exactly the sort of person
you expected to find here.  If you can't beat them, join them.  Go
ahead, live a little.

Sloth   6172
This is pure Sloth.  Just looking at this beast makes you yawn.  There
is absolutely nothing of interest about it, as if whoever gave birth
to it gave up half way through the creation process.  You are still
offended by its presence here, and should probably do something about
it, but sitting down and taking a rest seems a more viable option
right now.

Lust   8347
This is pure Lust.  This is less of a beast, and more of a shadow.
Its lithe figure sears across your vision like a knife through hot
butter, leaving an impression of beauty and strength.  It is the
solidification of a sin, and should be destroyed.  By you.  Unleash
your Wrath.

Gluttony   6515
This is pure Gluttony.  This beast is repulsive.  It is a giant,
heaving mass of obese flesh.  It waddles around with an awkward gait,
threatening to topple over at any second.  You had better not be under
it if it does fall over, you doubt you would live to tell the tale.
It is the solidification of a sin, and should be destroyed.  By you.
Unleash your Wrath.

Pride   8477
This is pure Pride.  It is gorgeous, though not as gorgeous as you
thankfully.  Something about its silvery skin is attractive though,
perhaps it is the way that you can sometimes almost make out your
reflection upon the surface.  Or perhaps you are just vain.  It is the
solidification of a sin, and should be destroyed.  By you.  Unleash
your Wrath.

Wrath   16842

Envy  6118
This is pure Envy.  This hulking beast glows so brightly red that you
can hardly stand to look at it, and yet it is strangely beautiful.
The way it moves is like liquid fire, sinuous and deadly.  It is the
solidification of a sin, and should be destroyed.  By you.  Unleash
your Wrath.

Greed   6299
This is pure Greed.  You had better keep a wary eye on this beast, as
it will probably pick your pockets if you don't watch out.  This beast
stands around 5 feet tall, and doesn't look all that tough.  However,
something about the look in it's narrowed eyes suggests to you that
perhaps you shouldn't underestimate it.  It is the solidification of a
sin, and should be destroyed.  By you.  Unleash your Wrath.





Essence of Sloth
This is the distilled essence of the sin Sloth.  Someone must have
defeated it to get this.  This lump of grey substance does nothing to
inspire you, in fact, if you could be bothered, you would probably
throw it away.

Essence of Lust
This is the distilled essence of the sin Lust.  Someone must have
defeated it to get this.  Just holding this pulsing, pink essence of
lust near you makes you hot under the collar.  Actually, the longer
you hold onto this, the hotter it seems to become.

Essence of Gluttony
This is the distilled essence of the sin gluttony.  Someone must have
defeated it to get this.  You can hear faint grunting sounds coming
from its blotchy brown mass, and it smells vaguely of vanilla.

Essence of Pride
This is the distilled essence of the sin pride.  Someone must have
defeated it to get this.  Just having this on your person makes you
feel more sure of yourself, as if the bright silver of the essence is
rubbing off on you, making you more attractive.

Essence of Wrath
This is the distilled essence of the sin wrath.  Someone must have
defeated it to get this.  An angry crimson light throbs within this
essence, irritating you no end.  It feels strangely heavy and cool to
the touch.

Essence of Envy
This is the distilled essence of the sin Envy.  Someone must have
defeated it to get this.  The essence pulses with red light as you
hold it in your hands, somehow still looking tempting.

Essence of Greed
This is the distilled essence of the sin Greed.  Someone must have
defeated it to get this.  It rustles as you hold it, sounding a lot
like crinkly bits of paper.  A green light emanates from the essence,
enticing you to keep hold of it.



.