chaos,w,s,smile


        x
        |
      x-x-x
      |   |
    x-x-x-x-x
    | | | | |
    x-x-x-x-x
        | |
        E-x

E: entrance - frown to exit

:)    5406
This is Smiley, the Lord of all smileys. He is so happy he can't stop
smiling. That perpetual smile of his is really starting to irk you. If
he won't wipe that cheesy smile then maybe you should do it for him.

:P    4413
Tongue smiley is really mischievous. At times he can be very crude,
witty and funny. But most of the time he seems to be getting into
trouble. Apparently he is one of the Elder smileys but the way he acts
certainly suggests the contrary. Tongue smiley is poking his tongue out
at you. What a crude little weasel! Why don't you go cut that tongue
off.

:>    3030
Midget Smiley is very small. Despite his size, his smile is as big as
any other Smiley's. Midget Smiley can be a bit of a rascal at times,
though, especially if he is in the company of Tongue Smiley.

8=:)    3999
Chef Smiley loves to cook. He owns Smiley Restaurant and is constantly
cooking for his friends, Tongue Smiley and Midget Smiley. Chef Smiley
has a large cook's hat and cooking is what makes him smile. Don't ya
just wanna puke.

:1    2647
Smirking smiley always looks like he is going to do something naughty.
You should kill this naughty smiley before he does something naughty.

 d:)   3023
Smiley homey is so toy, man. I tell ya he and his bros from downtown
Smiley Alley are da men to watch. Smiley homey really has lost grip of
what really matters...caring more for how his hat is positioned on top
of his homey hairdo than his own homey bros. What matters is that Homey
smiley keeps on smiling like a true smiley.

:(    3244
What a change from all the smiley faces you have seen so far. Sad smiley
is a bit of a paradox and thus has become an outcast among the rest of
the smileys. Added to this, Sad smiley is the arch-enemy of the Smiley
lord. There is only one thing you can do to make Sad smiley happy again
- kill him.

~~~~~8}    4879
Snake smiley is a two feet long green snake. He has large buggy eyes and
a big smile. According to Chef smiley, Snake smiley was taught how to
smile by none other than Sad smiley.

O:)    3363
Angel smiley has a very beautiful smile. A golden glow surrounds her
body and a halo hovers above her head. Angel smiley is highly regarded
by most other smileys for her anti-frowning work.

:) (undead)    20787
The Undead Smiley is one of the most feared Smileys of all Smileyland.
With a monstrous grin from ear to ear he is truly formidable. Undead
Smiley has died and is re-incarnated into the form you see before you, a
terrible smiler. If smiles could kill.

{{{{{:)   3365
Marge Simpson smiley stands before you, smiling. She has a huge head of
hair and a yellow happy face. Marge is friends with Angel Smiley and
often visits Angel for a smiley chat.

8)    3328
This is Nerd smiley. He is wearing a pair of thick nerdy glasses. Apart
from his smile and glasses there is not much else you notice. Don't you
wanna just punch him in the face and smash his glasses.

%)   3033
Be careful you don't bump into Dizzy Smiley. He is delirious and bumping
into everything. His eyeballs are moving all over the place but he still
puts on a happy face. Sad. Put this thing out of his misery.

(::)   8862
Weird! Siamese smileys! These two bright and beaming smiley faces were
unfortunately born connected to each other at the smile. Despite this,
they have learned to make the most of what they have and are so happy to
be living life to the max. Awwww.

_0-|    3866
Scuba smiley has just been diving and is still wearing his scuba
equipment. You can't see his mouth behind the mask but rest assured he
is smiling. Scuba smiley is close friends with Angel smiley and Lord
Smiley.

P)    4236
This is Pirate Smiley! Ahh, matey, he is one helluva smiley.  With a
wooden pegleg and a red eye patch he truly looks the part. Pirate Smiley
is in a very smiley mood since his latest successful treasure hunt.



Smiley cake
The fluffy, golden brown cake from Smiley Chef. It is sprinkled with
some gold glittery spice. Just looking at it makes your mouth water, and
of course, smile.

Smiley(tm) pocket knife
This pocket knife was Homey Smiley's. He probably purchased it from
Smiley's Guns n Knives store for a reasonable price. The grimey knife
has a short, five inch blade which makes you wanna smile.

Halo of Angel Smiley
This is the bright yellow halo of Angel Smiley. It feels light in your
hands and a soft warmth radiates from it. You feel compelled to wear it.

Smile(tm)
For years the community of Smileyland were less smilier than usual
because their greatest treasure, the Smile(tm), was stolen by Undead
smiley. Now you possess the great treasure. Wearing the Smile(tm) will
make you the greatest Smiley of all Smileys.

Glasses of Nerd Smiley
These are the thick glasses of Nerd Smiley. Just a black frame
containing clear lenses. Wearing the glasses will give you a
happier...smilier outlook on life.

Smiley(tm) speargun
This is the faithful weapon of choice for Scuba Smiley. He uses it both
for hunting Smiley fish and self defence against violent Smileys. It has
a plastic stock and trigger mechanism and at the tip is a sharp steel
spear. The speargun looks very deadly.


.