sci,enter,u,4n,d,27n,2w,enter

main floor:   basement:     2nd floor:

    S x-x-x   u-x-x         d-x-x
    | |   |                   | |
  E-x-x   1                   x-x
      |   |                     |
      x-x-x                     2

1: enter hole
2: search drawers - Electrum Marble


A rager member   14653
This is a rough looking guy indeed.  Wearing grimy jeans that must
once have been blue, dirty boots and a soiled cracked leather jacket,
you figure he hasn't had a bath for a _long_ time.  He sports an
erratic insane glint in his eye.

A DMR member   25094
This member of the DMR gang is wearing black polished combat boots,
black leather pants and a black leather jacket.  Her hair is in a
short boyish cut and dyed black.  She is standing in a relaxed
fighting stance.

A huge rager member   45025
The gang member towering above you pretty much blocks out the sun...
..for the entire state.  He is wearing mismatching shades of standard
military issue surplus pants and jacket, and the hugest pair of boots
you've seen in your life.  Looking upwards, under a stubbled shaved
head you fail to make out any signs of sanity in his eyes.

A quick rager member   18430
Never standing still, this quick looking rager could probably plant
a foot in your face before you could say "uh".  She is wearing loose
fitting smelly jeans clothing and a malicious grin.  Not to mention
a glint in her eye, devoid of any resemblence of sanity.

A tough rager member   27247
This tough looking rager looks like he could tear a phone book in half
and not even grunt.  Over his bulging muscles he wears a flannel and
torn jeans, and a pair of cracked boots.
He's got that insane glint in his eye.

The rager leader   41752
The hulking monster before you must be a rager, judging by the lack
of a left pinky, which you by now have figured to be a sure sign of a
rager.  In fact, this mountain of muscles must be their leader.  She
is wearing a thick leather jacket and pants and spiked bracelets.  Her
boots could probably crack mountains.
She is standing in front of the exit.

A slick DMR member   27063
Her dyed-black short hair slicked back, slick leather clothing the
blackest of black, this member of the DMR is a slick one indeed.  With
great cunning she wields her plasma whip.

A righteous DMR member
The knowledge of being a soldier of the righteous shines in this man's
eyes.  Though he's not very big, this fanatic could probably muster some
strength from his lunacy.  He wears the standard black leather of the DMR
and wields his plasma whip like an adept.

DMR leader
Before you stands a leader of the DMR.  He is a large man, by anyone's
standard.  He wears the standard black leather of the DMR, and he wields
the standard DMR plasma whip as well.  But he wears his leather like he
was born to it, and he wields his whip as if he was born with it clutched
in his hands.  This man is a warrior.

DMR scientist   92
This is the resident DMR scientist, working on beneficial chemical
compounds for the DMR.  He doesn't look very tough, being short, frail,
and quite old.  He's very knowledgable when it comes to the products he
has been working on, though.  If you describe the chemical you want
information about, he'd surely tell you.




A vial of dark red fluid
This is a clear vial of some dark red fluid.

Level Alpha entry card
This is an entry card of access level alpha.

Level Beta entry card
This is an entry card of access level beta.

A heavy leather trenchcoat
This is a heavy leather trenchcoat, with plasteel plates sewn into the
more vulnerable areas. This decent piece of armour is commonly worn by
the members of the DMR, as it was designed and made by them.
A red hammer is painted on the back.

Plasma whip
This fearsome weapon developed by the DMR has a durable black plasteel
grip.  From this a 7 foot tail hangs, glowing with white hot plasma.
On the grip, a small red hammer is painted.


.