chaos, 2s, ride comet

enter winnebago
pull lever three times
 
                 Spaceball One       Yorgurt    Mega-Maid
          1            x
         / \          /                 E       E     8
        S   2      E-x                  |        \   /
         \ /                            4-5       6-7
      x-x 3
      |  /
      x-x
      |
      x

S: say teleport to leave
   give debris to king
1: Planet Druidia, Mega-Maid - flip switch
2: Spaceball One
3: Spaceball, kill him get comb
   comb sand - in all room on Moon of Vega
4: lift statue - Ring of Schwartz
5: Nogurt's Shop
6: swipe card - to go east
7: swipe card - to go ne
8: push lord - self-destruct is activated, get out


Dot Matrix (worried)    327
Dot Matrix is a robot that is supposed to be guarding a princess'
purity.  However, it seems she has been contracted out.  Guess she
wasn't all that great at her job, huh?

A Flying Winnebago (questing)     15004
This is a mighty cool Winnebago!  It is equipped with large jet
engines at the rear.  Covering the Winnebago are large red letters
forming the words - DON'T PANIC.  A bumper sticker with the words 'I
love Uranus' is on its bumper.  Its door is open, inviting you in.

Marvin the Paranoid Android (very depressed)    3472
This robot seems familiar with every aspect of depression.  If you
have read 'The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy', you would
understand it!  It has been around for 300 million years waiting for
Arthur Dent to pick it up.  It seems very well armoured and looks like
he would be a formidable opponent for most people.

King Roland
King Roland is a heavy set man with a kind face.  A crown sits upon
his head and he's wearing purple robes befit for a king of his
stature.  He seems to be contemplating something.  Maybe you should
ask him if something is bothering him.

Colonel Sanders   176
Colonel Sanders is wearing a dark suit.  It looks like it's straight
off of an old Star Trek episode.  He looks like a throw back of the
eighties and has a stupid look on his face.

President Screwb    183
President Screwb looks like a dumb, dumb man.  Nothing about him is
extraordinary, other than that moronic look on his face.  How in the
world could he come up with a master plan to take the air from Planet
Druidia?

Spaceball   175
This is a spaceball.  One of the many men that works for Lord Helmet.
He is wearing a white helmet and a white body suit.  He's supposed to
be combing the desert, but is really just standing there with his eyes
crossed, staring off into space.

Lonestar    176
Lonestar is an average guy.  His lanky brown hair is a bit disheveled,
giving him a slightly unkempt look. His deep brown eyes have a wild
glaze to them, as if he might be a bit mad.  An interesting amulet
hangs from his neck.

Yogurt - unkillable
Yogurt is a little guy.  He has pointy ears and green, wrinkly skin.
His eyes are friendly and he seems willing to help all those in need.
If you have any questions, he's ready to answer.

Spaceball   176
This is a spaceball.  One of the many men that works for Lord Helmet.
He is wearing a white helmet and a white body suit.  He's supposed to
be guarding the door, but is just standing there with his back turned
towards you.

Spaceball   175
This is a spaceball.  One of the many men that works for Lord Helmet.
He is wearing a white helmet and a white body suit.  He's supposed to
be guarding the self destruct button, but is really just standing in
front of the mirror with shaving cream on his face and a razor in his
hand.  He must be getting ready to shave.

Lord Helmet
Lord Helmet doesn't look very threatening.  In fact, he looks rather
silly with his black suit and too large black helmet on his head.  A
very non-formidable foe.



Newbie Quest Manual
**WoW** This Newbie Quest Manual contains the solutions to all 3k
quests!  Unfortunately, it is written in Camper.

Bag of Chips
A bag of chips.

Can of Cola
This is a can of plain cola.  It seems a little odd, however.  Wait a
minute, it's empty!

Deprinaut Main Armour
This armour once belonged to Marvin.  It offers great protection, but
you would have to test it to see just how good it really is.

Ace Comb
This comb once belonged to a Spaceball.  It looks like the Ace combs
they used to give you as a kid while waiting in line to get your
school photograph taken.  The teeth are wide apart and it looks like
this comb was not made to comb hair.  Little clusters of sand occupy
the space between the teeth, suggesting what kind of stuff this comb
has combed in the past.

An Amulet of Royal Lineage
This amulet is the most beloved treasure of Lonestar.  He has taken it
to all the wise men of the universe, yet none know what it does.
Maybe the Great Yogurt could shed some light on its use.

Ring of schwartz
This is the infamous Schwartz Ring.  It's made out of plastic and
looks like as if you could've gotten it out of a cracker jack box.
But Yogurt knows better than you, so maybe you should try it on for
size.

Swipecard
This is a swipecard.  It looks like it could be used to unlock a door.
Maybe you should find a card reader and test it out.

Mega-Maid Debris
This is a piece of debris from the Mega-Maid explosion.


