

      x
     /|
    x |
     \|
    h-x


Mobs:
Protoss Zealot
Zerg Zergling
The small, savage dune-runners of the sand-world Zz'gash were
incorporated into the Zerg Swarm to serve as scouts initial assault
troops. Although the Zerglings are little more than feral animals,
they work well in large groups under the command of larger Zerg
warriors. The voracious Zerglings are fond of ripping enemies to
shreds with their razor-limb sickles and fangs. The Zergling has a
head that looks like it belongs on a small dragon and is a little bit
larger than a small calf. It has a fat lizard like tail behind a
powerful set of hind legs that are its primary source of movement. In
front where you would expect to to see another pair of legs, there are
two sets of limbs. One set that starts downward, and another set that
raises up behind its head. There are two razor sharp claws at the end
of each front appendage.

Terran Firebat
Terran Marine
This one time criminal has undergone mandatory neural resocialization.
Freed from any previous allegiances or ideologies, this fearless
trooper is ready to defend Confederate interests with his life. The
8mm C-14 'Impaler' Gauss Rifle that he is carrying should make you
think twice about attacking him.


Items:
A Psi Blade
A Plasma-based Perdition flame thrower
This is a plasma-based perdition flame thrower used by the
Terran Firebats. It is made out of polymer and synthetic-asbestos,
you wonder how something that looks so much like plastic could
do what it does, and not melt. This flame thrower looks like a
big blocky rifle, except for the small hoses going from the plasma
compartment to just before then end of the barrel.
You must hold it, and type 'flame <target>' to use.
To use this flame thrower you must hold it.

CMC-660 Heavy Combat Suit
The CMC-660 Heavy Combat Suit, is the primary armor of all Firebats.
This suit is composed of various polymers and kevlar, like the
standard Marine armor, but it also has a synthetic-asbestos to provide
additional protection from heat and flame. As you can imagine, the
Firebat combat suits are significantly heavier than standard Marine
armor. It reminds you of the suits that the astronauts used to wear.

CMC-300/400 Powered Combat Suit
The Powered Combat Suit worn by Confederate Marines is effective
against most small-arms fire and provides them with full life-support
and NBC (Nuclear /Biological /Chemical) shielding for operation in
deep space and hostile environments.

