sci,enter,2u,board shuttle,exit,4w,2d,w,enter pod
*note* mobs scale with uptime.

  F-x-x
      |
      x-x-x
      |   |
      x   x
      |   |
      x-x-1
          |
          x-x-x
              |
              x
              |
          E-x-x




E: Entrance/Exit
F: Firebat
1: Door number: 3, Access Code: <random>


Terran SCV -{docile}- 
Initially used during the reconstruction of the Tarsonian Orbital
Platforms, the T-280 SCV (Space Construction Vehicle) became a staple in
Intra-Colonial construction and engineering due to its ability to perform a
multitude of tasks. These tasks include the construction of new buildings
and the transportation of raw resource materials. It is this versatility,
and an unmatched reliability, that make the SCV an invaluable tool in
rapidly establishing Marine encampments and strike bases on any terrain.
The SCV looks like a large robot with rocket thrusters where its feet
should be. It has a plasma cutter in the place of one arm, and what looks
to be a claw with a vacuum for a palm in place of the other.

Terran Marine -{docile}- [wounded]
This one time criminal has undergone mandatory neural resocialization.
Freed from any previous allegiances or ideologies, this fearless trooper is
ready to defend Confederate interests with his life. The 8mm C-14 'Impaler'
Gauss Rifle that he is carrying should make you think twice about attacking
him. He looks like an astronaut in his armoured suit. His hood is pulled
back to reveal a scarred face. It is hard to think of anything capable of
leaving those hideous scars.

Terran Firebat -{docile}- 
Like standard Marine Infantry, Firebats are typically 'culturally
challenged persons' who have been resocialized by the Confederate
government. Equipped with powerful, arm-mounted flame throwers, they serve
as assault troopers in the various Terran Militias. Although their attack
has a limited range, the flame throwers can cause considerable damage to
any target caught within the stream of fire. The woman who stands before
you in her suit that makes her look like an astronaut in armour makes you
wish you were back in your mother's loving arms. She looks like a genetic
experiment gone awry. Maybe its just the armoured suit, but she looks like
an amazon. Her face is old and wrinkled, and her eyes gleam like fresh made
steel. You see no pity in the looks she gives you, and you know beyond a
shadow of a doubt that she could kill you, and wouldn't think twice.

Zerg Zergling -{docile}- 
The small, savage dune-runners of the sand-world Zz'gash were incorporated
into the Zerg Swarm to serve as scouts' initial assault troops. Although
the Zerglings are little more than feral animals, they work well in large
groups under the command of larger Zerg warriors. The voracious Zerglings
are fond of ripping enemies to shreds with their razor-limb sickles and
fangs. The Zergling has a head that looks like it belongs on a small dragon
and is a little bit larger than a small calf. It has a fat lizard-like tail
behind a powerful set of hind legs that are its primary source of movement.
In front where you would expect to see another pair of legs, there are two
sets of limbs. One set that starts downward, and another set that raises up
behind its head. There are two razor sharp claws at the end of each front
appendage.

Huge Terran Firebat -{docile}- 
Like standard Marine Infantry, Firebats are typically 'culturally
challenged persons' who have been resocialized by the Confederate
government. Equipped with powerful, arm-mounted flame throwers, they serve
as assault troopers in the various Terran Militias. Although their attack
has a limited range, the flame throwers can cause considerable damage to
any target caught within the stream of fire. The man who stands before you
reminds you of a grandfather. He looks like the frail shell of a man
sitting inside that suit of armour he wears. His old face is wrinkled and
scared. Do not be mistaken, he will kill you as easily as he would spank
you and send you off to your room without supper.


8mm C-7 Potent 'Stinger' Pistol (enchanted)
The C-7 Stinger is a terran gauss pistol that fires 8mm ice cold spikes
designed to provide maximum penetration of all armor types. It is the
standard issue sidearm of Alliance marines.

8mm C-7 Rare 'Stinger' Pistol (enchanted)
The C-7 Stinger is a terran gauss pistol that fires 8mm psionic spikes
designed to provide maximum penetration of all armor types. It is the
standard issue sidearm of Alliance marines.

A piece of paper
The piece of paper is covered with blood, and it is hard to read.

Small Kevlar Ring
This ring is composed of various polymers and kevlar, but also has
a synthetic-asbestos to provide additional protection from heat and
flame.

A glowing ensignia on the ring's face emits orange light:

                          O
                          |
                        __|__
                       |     |
                  O----|  O  |----O
                        \___/
                       /  |  \
                      /   |   \
                     O    |    O
                          O




