chaos,3e,2s,2e,n,3e,n,2w,3n,n

                    9
                     \
                    u d-x-d     
                    |              |
             x  x-x x-7-8  (enter)-5-(enter)
             |  | | |              |
   u u/d d   x  x-x x-6
   |     |   |  |   | |
   x-B   K-x-x  x-x x-x
         |    \   | |
         1    out-x-4-x

             enter
               |        
               E

1: search dresser - Tula's wedding ring
   gaze into mirror
4: read to make a sandwich
   Well, it's not a terribly interesting book.  I mean, you already
   know how to make a sandwich.  It just reiterates it.  Blah blah blah.
   Toast two slices of bread, spread peanut butter and grape jelly on
   the bread with a knife.  You are not, what's the way to say it,
   enlightened.  Your disappointment increases when you see that the
   advertised 'FREE BREAD KNIFE!!!' is strangely missing. Sigh.
5: home plate - search plate - A bread knife
6: open refrigerator - Two slices of bread
7: move panel
8: kneel in worship THEN kill Cobra Commander - A jar of peanut butter
9: Joe
   make sandwich
   tag matt
K: knock door (north)
B: search items - toaster

     x
     |
   2-x-3

2: Tula's Kitchen - open refrigerator - grape jelly
3: slide on slide (to get back to 1)


Fred Schneider   7687
It's Fred Schneider of the B-52's!
Strangely, this always-gay man looks perturbed.

A broom    388

A block of wax   1502

A large boulder   392

A game of monopoly   5133

A cracker jack box    6503
It's amazing!  You'd never think that something like this
could be made out of wax!  It even has the sailor boy on it!
Darn.  It looks as though it's already opened up the surprise
toy.

O.J. Simpson   6522
What the hell is Orange Juice Simpson doing here?  Dunno...
but whatever the reason may be, he's looking awfully nervous..

The Cobra Commander   6117
Cool! This is the Cobra Commander, that guy with the metal
plate in front of his face.  Supposedly a bad guy. You never
saw it that way, I mean, in the last episode, he helped the
Joes beat that other guy who was made by an experiment.  You
know, the one that they took DNA from Sergeant Slaughter to make.
And at the end, the Commander was still turned into a snake.
Ahhh the injustice.  Anyway, it seems Matt Sweetboots got a
little carried away with his collection.  A little.

Joe   39141
This is Joe, a Slovak who moved to the country when he was
very young.  At the moment (and, actually, every moment), Joe
sports a very nice looking Appalachian Mountains t-shirt.  Joe
can occasionally be seen skiing down the slopes of those very
mountains or in his favorite lodge's gift shop, replenishing
his supply of t-shirts.  However, right now, Joe can be found
standing four feet in front of you, barring your way forward,
absent-mindedly mumbling to himself.  He looks very dangerous,
and from the grumbling sounds coming from his stomach, he appears
to be very hungry.

Vinnie 4175

Tun-gai Hirroshima   92
This is Tun-gai.  He's very annoying and very stupid but
he's a nice guy.  Well.. he thinks so. No one has ever been
able to figure out Tun-gai's origin and, it seems, no one
really cares that much, although many people have enjoyed
taunting him about it. <grin>

Marilyn Roast   25969
This thing is almost as disgusting as her offspring.
But you like her more than Steve because, well, because
it doesn't like Steve either.  She looks very dangerous.

Steve Roast   1819
A disgusting bear, no wait- it's a boy, sits quivering
in the corner.  He whimpers even as you look at him.
Strangely, you feel no remorse concerning his condition.
I mean, you couldn't even tell that the thing was human!
Hell, maybe it (he?) isn't human!  It certainly is revolting
though!



Tula's wedding ring
This is the wedding ring of Tula.  She must have, um, dropped it.

A jar of grape jelly
Mmmm.  Welch's grape jelly.  Still half a jar left.

Fred's other pair of glasses
This is Fred Schneider's other pair of sunglasses... he
seems to have lost his best pair.  Still, these do look
pretty cool.

A broom's bristle
A handful of bristles is all that remains of the determined broom.

A slice of pizza
Ahh.. it is a true rarity that one finds pizza this good.

A wax shield
This shield resembles most bucklers you've seen with
the exception of the material it was made from. The shield
will provide you with great protection, and, when you're
done with it, you can make candles!

A wax sword
A sword, approximately three feet long, which is made
out of wax!  Surprisingly, the blade seems quite hard.

A bread knife
A blade perfect for slicing bread, the crust of bread, or any
bread-like product.

Two slices of bread
Two, perfectly-shaped slices of white bread.

The Cobra Commander's face plate
You are looking at the famed face plate of the Cobra
Commander.  He used to wear this so no one would see his
hideous visage.  Light glints off its metallic surface.

A full bottle of beer
A nice cold bottle of beer.  Just looking at it makes you thirsty.

The pants of Vinnie
'The weapon's strength is determined by the master's
skill', someone once said. Okay, maybe they didn't, in any
case, Vinnie certainly knew how to use them.
They look good. Plain and simple.

A barbell
This is one of Vinnie's barbells that Tun-gai adopted for his
own.  Could that be theft?  Well, it certainly didn't help
Tun-gai at all.

A wicked whip
This cruel instrument of torture is capable of causing great pain.

A battered toaster
An old, beaten-up toaster that looks like it's seen a lot
of abuse.  It has two compartments for toasting bread but looks
like they've been used in other ways...

A jar of peanut butter
Yummy.  An unopened jar of Jiff's peanut butter.

A commemorative, 'I SURVIVED THE HOUSE OF SWEETBOOTS' ring
A shiny band of tin, polished to brilliance.  Etched on its gleaming
exterior is the face of Matt Sweetboots.  Just looking at the carving
brings you an inner strength and confidence you never thought an
inanimate object could give.
