chaos,3e,2s,2e,2n,hole


      E
      |
      x
      |
      x
      |
    x-x
      |
      x
      | |/
    2-x-1-
      | |\
    



             3
             |
             x
             |
             x
             |
             x
             |
             x
             |
             x
             |
 4-x-x-x-x-x-x-Out



1: lost in a sewer
   wander until you find the Rat King.  has A dirty iron key.

2: unlock grating, enter pipe
3: April O'Neil
4: Splinter: has A Chest, has A vial of mutagen
5: ne,se,e from Rat King is A horrible SEWER monster.
	spill mutagen on monster
	he gives you A finely folded pamphlet, A leather wallet


Sewer Rat   6318
A really nasty sewer-rat with beady yellow eyes.  You're not sure
just what it might feed on, but then again, with the way it stares at your
throat so intently, you're sure you don't want to know...

A large mutant cockroach    3105
You're not quite sure how, and you're not quite sure you want to
KNOW how, this cockroach has grown to be 4 feet long!  It seems you have
disturbed its favorite nesting and hunting grounds.

Spider    4877
A really large black widow...she must have come down from her web
to look for a meal.

The Rat King   27420
The Rat King is one of the wimpiest enemies of the Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles.  He thinks that because he has the entire sewer rat population
under his control he can dominate the entire world.  But of course,
time and again, the Turtles have shown him just how stupid he really is.

Donatello   7097
What the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle team would do without Donatello...
Well...the Mr. Coffee would still be on the blink, at least.  He's the
tinkerer--he'll take any broken piece of equipment and turn it into a time
machine, a portal to another realm, or a machine that was meant to make
pizza but instead tried to take over the world.  His bo stick makes him all
the more dangerous.

Casey Jones   5867
Casey Jones reminds you a little bit of Jason from those Friday
the Thirteenth movies.  He has long hair down to his shoulders, and often
wears a hockey mask over his face.  He carries a large bag on his back
containing all sorts of sporting equipment, from rackets and sticks to
poles, oars, and even golf clubs.  But he doesn't use these for what you'd
normally think--these are his weapons, fighting his game.  Originally an
enemy of the Turtles, they earned his respect when he saw their prowess,
and though he still feels he's above them, he sometimes fights with them
anyway because they 'couldn't do it without him'.

Michaelangelo   6819
Michaelangelo is one of the wackiest guys you could meet...especially
down here in the sewers.  Currently, he's wearing a REALLY large pair of
orange-tinted khaki shorts over his deep green shell, and seems to enjoy
that pizza so much he doesn't notice you.

Raphael   7762
Raphael, the level-headed one.  Raphael knows very well to look both
ways before crossing the street, and is always cautious when entering battle
with Shredder's Foot Clan.  Right now he paces back and forth, worrying
about saving April.

Usagi Yojimbo    22037
In a desperate attempt to make the world's best pizza, Donatello had
stumbled upon a machine that opened up trans-dimensional portals like the
evil Krang used.  One such portal opened up upon a world of ninja rabbits,
and through the portal, to his surprise, stepped Usagi.  At first wary of
the Turtles and lulled by Shredder, he now fights by his true companions'
sides whenever they request his help.  That Japanese accent REALLY seems
authentic to his home-dimension, too.

Leonardo   10798
Meet Leonardo, the turtle-leader of the Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles!  His striking blue mask goes just lovely with that fair, green
tortoise shell.  He must really know his martial arts and those two swords
very well to be considered the leader of this group.

Master Splinter   21868
The sensei of the four Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is none other than
Master Splinter, a rat who was once a man, changed into a mutant by some
of Splinter's Mutagen (tm).  He carries a little wooden cane and wears a
tacky magenta-colored robe and white linens wrapped around his legs...He
found the turtles after they too had fallen into the mutagen, and he named
them after famous artists of the renaissance and taught them ninja tactics.
What a perfectly normal thing for anyone to do.

Beebop    13875
My, my...if it's not the evil Shredder's biggest idiot loser of a toady.
This guy has been conned by the Turtles into divulging more information than
any player interrogated by Tensor :).  The first mutant created with
Shredder's mutagen, this half-man half-warthog is all muscle...most of it
lodged between his ears.

A Foot Clan Member   3771
This is one of those Foot Clan members that all think that they can
take on anybody or anything with the training Shredder provides them.
Somehow, however, even a large group of up to ten of these guys is
usually unable to cause enough chaos in the lives of the four Ninja
turtles to make any difference.  This guy looks at you with an evil
glare, awaiting any excuse to show his probably misconcepted worth.

Rocksteady   10658
Rocksteady the Rhinoman is a big bully in every sense of the word.  Nothing
pleases him more than pounding anything from people to objects into tiny
pieces--which often gets him into trouble because his tiny rhino brain has
caused him to break more things of value to Shredder and the Foot Clan than
he'd care to mention.  He carries a menacing machine gun, so be careful.

The Evil Shredder   19435
Meet Shredder, Splinter's mortal enemy, leader of the Foot Clan.
For many years, he has sought vengeance from Splinter for causing his fall
from ill-gotten glory back in Japan.  He never seems to get the message that
the Turtles are better than he and his goofballs, and it doesn't stop him
from trying to take over the world with Krang.  Now it seems he has other
things on his mind, and so far he has paid no attention to you.  That's
most likely a GOOD thing...

Krang from Dimension X      29400
Holy mackerel, what the hell is that?  That's just Krang...his
friendly neighborhood pan-dimensional beings decided it was best that his
brain be separated from his body, but now of course he has escaped through
some one dimensional vortex or another and is intent on destroying the Turtles
because they are nice guys.  What a nice guy.  You seem to have caught him
at a bad time--the humongous plastic body that he usually inhabits is
nowhere to be seen, and he's just sitting there on a little wheeled chair,
staring at you googly-eyed.  Or googly-nervendinged.  Ick, I don't know
WHAT on earth you'd call it, but it's gross.

Vernon the Cameraman   2534
This sorry excuse for snivelling trash is none other than Vernon, April's
number-one cameraman.  Always ready to steal the glory for a story, he is
always the first to run from any trouble, screaming with terror.  Why April
has to drag him along everywhere when she does her stories is thoroughly
baffling, but it wouldn't be a show without him (or would it?).

April O'Neil, ace reporter   3551
As if the show weren't sexist enough, Ace Reporter April O'Neil, with
her brown hair, white boots, and completely yellow-jumpsuit wardrobe is
almost always in a situation that renders her helpless.  She is always the
first 'on the scene' of a latebreaking story, only to be captured by
Shredder (if he'd only realize the futility) and used as a pawn to capture
the Turtles.  If she weren't their ONLY human friend, the Turtles would
probably have gotten rid of her a long time ago.



A vial of mutagen
Be careful with this small vial of fluorescent green mutagen.
If it ever spilled on you or any other life form, you have NO idea what
could happen.

A small brass key
Just a plain, ordinary, small brass key.

A golden key
A small golden key that must open some lock somewhere...

Shredder's Silver Mask
Wow, to have gotten this mask you must have beaten the infamous
turtle-hater Shredder!  When you wear it, only your eyes show above it,
yet you can still breathe and talk normally.  I'm really impressed you
earned this mask...and now you can hate turtles too!

Shredder's razor-gloves
These mean razor-edged gloves are all the rage on this side of Dimension
X.  Custom fit for any hand, they slice, dice, and YES they EVEN julienne!  You
can even cut a tin can with 'em, if you really wanted to.  The infamous
Shredder used to wear these, but they obviously didn't do him any good.
Here's hoping they do more for you than for him.

Rocksteady's Minigun
Well, it's not a Glock Excel-IV Series Minigun, but Rocksteady
likes it all the same.  It's much less powerful, with only four barrels
mounted on a rotating carbine-base that spins to allow the barrels to
fire simultaneously.  Unlike the Glock of fame, however, the power is much
more limited and the recoil is much, much less.  It is still a very
good weapon.

Rocksteady's Rhino Horn
All that's left of the dead Rhino-mutant is his large nosehorn,
shorn off in the battle.  It makes a quaint mantlepiece trophy.

A Bone Necklace
That stupid Warthog Beebop used to wear this large necklace of big
unidentifiable teeth around his neck.  Now you are its proud owner.

A Mohawk
This is a Mohawk.  You may not look good with this on, but you'll at least
look meaner.

Master Splinter's Leg Wraps
Master Splinter needed these because of the great pressure on his ankles
from being half-rat, half-human.  Along with his cane, these helped him walk
upright with a minimum of discomfort.  Although you don't need them
for ankle support, they will provide your legs with some protection if worn

Master Splinter's Oak Cane
Master Splinter has used this cane ever since he mutated.  It seems
that the mixture of a bipedal and a quadrupedal mammal wreaks much havoc
upon the spinal cord.

A chest
A small metal box that Splinter was carrying, adorned with a small,
sturdy iron lock.

One of Leonardo's Swords
The twin to this fine blade must have been lost in battle somewhere.
But at least you can say you own one of Leonardo the Ninja Turtle's swords!
Maybe you too can do all sorts of nifty martial arts tricks with it.

Leonardo's Blue Mask
This mask covers the upper part of the face, except for the eyes.
The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle Leonardo wore this proudly to conceal his
identity and to give him that sporty 'ninja-look', let's see if it works for
you.

Raphael's Red Mask
This mask covers the upper part of the face, except for the eyes.
The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle Raphael wore this proudly to conceal his
identity and to give him that sporty 'ninja-look', let's see if it works for
you.

Raphael's Sai Daggers
Raphael's psi-blades make a formidable weapons in the hands of
any martial artist.  With these you can jab, gouge, and poke the
living daylights out of any enemy.

Casey Jones' Favorite hockey Stick
Casey Jones is definately a strange person.  He used this ordinary
hockey stick, along with golf clubs, tennis rackets, and other
assorted sporting equipment to pummel his foes into submission.
You can probably do the same, now.

Michaelangelo's nunchucks
Now you too can slice and dice your own pizza pies just like Michaelangelo
the Ninja Turtle!  You've seen Bruce Lee use them, and now they're YOURS
to command!

Michaelangelo's Orange Mask
This mask covers the upper part of the face, except for the eyes.
The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle Michaelangelo wore this proudly to conceal
his identity and to give him that sporty 'ninja-look', let's see if it works
for you.

A thick slice of pizza
A slice of anchovy marshmallow pizza, Michaeangelo's favorite.

Donatello's Purple Mask
This mask covers the upper part of the face, except for the eyes.
The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle Donatello wore this proudly to conceal his
identity and to give him that sporty 'ninja-look', let's see if it works for
you.

Donatello's Bo Stick
As long as quarterstaff, this Bo Stick would make a formidable weapon in
any REAL Ninja's hands.  Of course, since it belonged to a mere turtle,
you have acquired it quite easily.

A dirty iron key
A large, heavy iron key.

Satchel of Holding
A satchel of holding. You can put things in it.

torch
It looks light.

A chunk of raw meat
A chunk of raw meat.  You could just eat it or you might be able to cook it.

A dirty scroll
An old, stained scroll.  Luckily, it's still legible.
read scroll
        Dearest Brother:

I thank you for showing me what a true friend you can be.  I hope you rot
in this noisome sewer for the rest of your life, you damn pig.  Wallow...
wallow in the muck that is your life.  Let it feed you, let it nourish...
May you and the muck be as one.

I hope the rats treat you more kindly than you have treated me, dear brother
for I wish you all the hell of the world.  Enjoy your new home.

                                                Love,

                                                Vraal
