magic,eforest,2s,sw,w,nw,enter mist
ravenloft, n,nw,n,ne,n,nw,n,ne,n,10w,s,4sw,6w,sw,s,3se,2d


*need 1000g
wayhaven portal, 12e,2n,4w,3n,e,d,buy stone (from Wyk)
also note - if you bring 20 brains to Wyk he'll give you the key to the Zombie priest


   x
   |
   u-1

1: put stone in hand, say patesco (you get teleported to temple)


      4
      |
      3
      |
      x
      |
  x-x-x-x
  | | | |
  x-x-x-x
  | | | |
  x-x-x-x
    |
    x
    |
    x
    |
    2

2: say patesco - to get out
3: small stone door, need to trade 20 brains at Wyk for key
4: Zyrixitimih - The Zombie Priest


Nex Commands
1- dispono - location of other nex items
   erus - stats
   agnosco - nexscore
   orare - use corpse for nexpoints
   notitia - toggle combat status
   vivifico - weapon speed
   victus - regen hp
   conservo - This command will preserve your Nex status for one year.  However,
                it will cost 100,000 Nex XP.  And most importantly, the very next time
                you touch a Nex piece it'll clear back to the normal 1 or 2 weeks.
                So, it is advised you not do this unless you really plan to be gone
                for a while.

2- praesentia - regen sp
3- medicor - heal
4- huic - heal other
5- tutaminis - armor
6- incursus - damage on being hit
7- vereor - attack spell
8- 



A small Zombie  14569
Before you stands a Zombie. It has rotten flesh that
falls off every now and then. It shambles about, but
looks like it could pack a good punch. It has a blank
stare and looks like it's been drooling.

A strong Zombie   34208
Before you stands a Zombie. It has rotten flesh that
falls off every now and then. It shambles about, but
looks like it could pack a good punch. It has a blank
stare and looks like it's been drooling.

A weak Zombie   2028
Before you stands a Zombie. It has rotten flesh that
falls off every now and then. It shambles about, but
looks like it could pack a good punch. It has a blank
stare and looks like it's been drooling.

A Zombie (glowing)   54835
Before you stands a Zombie. It has rotten flesh that
falls off every now and then. It shambles about, but
looks like it could pack a good punch. It has a blank
stare and looks like it's been drooling.

A large Zombie   29149
Before you stands a Zombie. It has rotten flesh that
falls off every now and then. It shambles about, but
looks like it could pack a good punch. It has a blank
stare and looks like it's been drooling.

A thin Zombie   13003
Before you stands a Zombie. It has rotten flesh that
falls off every now and then. It shambles about, but
looks like it could pack a good punch. It has a blank
stare and looks like it's been drooling.

zombie limb   1717
A long thin bony cutoff limb from a zombie. It twitches and looks
as if there's still some undead life left in it.

Driark - The Zombie Warlock    78106
Driark - The Zombie Warlock, stands before you as still as a
statue. The only thing that moves is the flickering of his
glowing green eyes.

Zyrixitimih - The Zombie Priest    112726
Zyrixitimih - The Zombie Priest stares down at you with utmost disgust.
His blue-green skin shines with a brilliant green glow as his stark
white robe swirls about his body. His eyes are two pools of raging
brillant green, so bright that you have trouble looking directly into them.

Zyish - The Zombie Wizard   80389
Zyish - The Zombie Wizard, has glowing green eyes that stare right
through you, as if you didn't even exist. His blue-green skin looks
wilted and rotting.

The Nameless Zombie     71666
The Nameless Zombie wears a cloak with a huge cowl pulled over
its head, concealing its head and face. Where the face should be
all you can see is shadow and darkness. The Nameless Zombie's sleeves
end in the same darkness which conceals its face. Its cloak is so
black, that it appears to drink in all of the surrounding light,
casting everything nearby in a shadow of dusk. The longer you stare
at it, the longer you realize that it's not moving at all.

Syrine - The Zombie Sorceress     97758
Syrine - The Zombie Sorceress watches you with supreme undead
gracefulness. Her robes flow about her, even though there is
very little breeze, and she seems to float above the floor.
Her skin is a pale blue color and her eyes shine a bright green.

Dralien - The Zombie Knight   157485
Dralien - The Zombie Knight, stands before you, his massive body
taking up much of the surrounding space. He is huge, with muscles
twice the size of a normal man. His skin is a pale blue-green, his
arms the size of thighs and his thighs the size of tree trunks. His
eyes glow an ominous bright green.

Acolyte Zombie   1666
The Acolyte Zombie is short and hunched over. It wears tattered
robes that drape over its rotting flesh. The Zombie's eyes glow
with a brilliant green power.



ancient rune stone
A small oblong stone. It is a dark green and feels smooth in
your hand. It feels warm to the touch. There appears to be some
writing carved into one side of the stone. The ancient runes
look like they spell out the word 'patesco'

zombie brain
A gooey pulsing brain from a zombie. It looks disgusting, as it
twitches and throbs. The brain flesh is a blue-green, and the
brain itself has an overall green haze to it.

Black Cowl
The black cowl is made out of a cloth that is the black of
midnight. The hooded cloak is quite large, and appears to
flow and twist, even in the absence of any drafts or wind.

Screaming Skull of the Undead
A large polished human skull. It gleams with a bright green glow.
A brilliant bright green light shines through its open eye
sockets, nose socket and gaping bony jaws. It feels like it has
just the perfect weight to throw.

Brilliant Green Cloak
A beautiful brilliant green cloak. The cloak shimmers and
shines as you look at it. It appears to move and flow of its
own accord. The material of the cloak is thick and warm to the
touch.

Polished Bone Key
A small human-looking finger bone. It appears to have been carved
with small notches at one end, making it look somewhat like a key.
The bone is polished to a bright white and it shines in the light
as you move it about.

acolyte robe
A tattered old robe. It used to be white, but no one has washed
it in ages. It's now a dull grey, with many tears and worn holes.

white robe
An expertly woven pure white robe. The weave is thick and tight
and the robe is quite long. It cinches at the waist and has gold
woven into the seams.

Veneratus Nex (ring)
The ring is a brilliant band of green metal. The metal
is streaked with shadowy black veins. The darkness appears to shift
and move over the ring, almost as if it were alive. The ring feels
warm to the touch, and you can feel it humming slightly.

Veneratus Nex (amulet)
The amulet is a small piece of brilliant green metal.
It has no carvings or writing, but you can see dark black veins of
shadowy strands streaking through the metal. The black strands move
and shift through the green metal, almost as if the amulet were
alive. It feels warm to the touch, and you can feel it humming
slightly.

Veneratus Nex (cloak)
This cloak is made out of a weave of a brilliant green metal.
Running through the metal fabric are streaks of a shadowy
blackness. As you examine it, the black metal fibers seem to move
through the cloak, almost as if it were alive. The cloak feels
warm and soft to the touch, not like what metal should feel like.
You can feel it humming slightly.

Veneratus Nex (boots)
This pair of boots appears to be made out of finely woven metal.
As you look closer, the metal strands glimmer and shine. It appears
to be the strangest mix of a brilliant glowing green metal with
shimmering veins of black streaking throughout it. The weaves of
metal seem to shift and meld together and then move apart as you
examine them. The metal feels warm to the touch, and you can just
make out a slight hum coming from it.

Veneratus Nex (gloves).
The gloves shine with the glow of the brilliant green metal
that makes up their metal fibers. Interwoven within the green
metal fibers, are strands of a shadowy black metal. As you look
closer you can see the black strands move in and out of the
green strands, almost as if it were alive. The gloves feel warm
to the touch, and you can feel them humming slightly.

Veneratus Nex (helmet)
The helmet appears to be made out of a brilliant green metal.
The metal is smooth, and appears to have no seams. It glimmers
and shines, but as you look closer, you can see shimmering black
veins streaking throughout the metal. As you watch, the darkness
appears to move through the green metal. You can feel it humming
slightly.

Veneratus Nex (armour)
This is a heavy set of armour. The metal that makes it up appears to
be smooth, with no seams. The metal itself glimmers and shines and it
appears to be the strangest mix of a brilliant glowing green with
shimmering black veins streaking throughout it. As you look at the
armour, you can see the black moving through the green. The armour
appears to glow and you can hear it humming slightly.

Veneratus Nex (shield)
A brilliant glowing green metal shield. There is no sigil on the
front plate, but you can see shimmering veins of black streaking
through the metal. As you watch, the darkness moves through the
metal, as if it were alive. The metal feels warm to the touch
and you can feel it humming slightly.

Dralien's Two Handed Sword (enchanted)
The massive two-handed sword gleams with a cool green light.
The metal of the blade looks very sharp, and the hilt is
simply made and wrapped in leather.

A large scepter
The scepter is very large and heavy. The main body of it is
finely crafted and contains many ornate carvings. The head
of the scepter is a large globe of heavy golden metal.

Tattered raiment
This raiment is tattered and old. It has many stains on it
and holes ripped here and there. It looks like it's rotting
and it smells of death.

Cloak of the Nameless
This midnight black cloak seems to absorb the light around it,
drinking in any brightness so that the cloak always appears in
shadow. The cloak flows and sways of its own accord, and the
strange black fabric ripples as if there were a power woven
within the weft.

Polished Bone Staff (enchanted)
Human bones are lashed together with silver wire to form a thin
staff of bones. The bones are mostly femurs and arm bones, with
a large human skull topping the staff. The bones are all polished
to a shining white, and the eyes of the skull glow with a deep
eerie green. Carved into the side of one of the longer bones
in the center of the staff are some words inlaid with silver.
They look like 'bone runes'

*-------------
Give honor and praise to the one who is the Lord of Death
Bring the denizens of the Shadow Lord's Hold forth into the world of Men.

Command The Unliving: Issue the words 'bid horror <command>'

:-: Summon      :-:
:-: Follow      :-:
:-: Unfollow    :-:
:-: Status      :-:
:-: Attack      :-:
:-: Spellstatus :-:
:-: Masterstatus:-:
:-: Allocate    :-:
:-: Report      :-:
:-: Dismiss     :-:

*-------------
