Erratio Forest - Wanders, sw,s,climb tree


   x
   |
 x-D-x   u/d   1   u/d   2
   |
   x

1: up/down/balcony
2: up/out1/out2
D: Portal (exit)
   Start
   Down


Out1:           Hall:        Throne Room:   Wall:

      3-4      5-------O         u-L         A
      |         \     /                      |
      x          x-7-6                       B
      |
      T

3: writing/records/morgenes
4: leave/hall/garden
5: hall(e)/hallway(se)/enter
6: door
7: door - king's sleeping chamber -search seal, shake egg, crack egg (Fire Marble)
A: clamber window
B: jump to the tower
O: outside


A boy    16087
A small boy with fine, almost sharp features. There is something a shade
fox-like in his nose and chin, but not unpleasantly so. His hair is as
dark as a crow's wing.

A monk    13319
A roundish man in a brown robe. The top of his head is bald, though
there is still hair on the sides and back. His arms are hidden in the
folds of his robe.

Barnabas the Sexton    15732
Without saying a word, the sexton shows his disapproval of your presence
by beetling his brow down upon his forehead, until his eyes become the
merest slits. A vein begins to beat high on each temple, turning this
normal man into more of a monster than the servant of the church that he
is.

Jeremias, the chandler's assistant    10689
A fat young boy with close cropped hair. He is slow like his master, and
they could almost be related.

Jakob the chandler    8832
A short and stumpy man, he moves about quite slowly. He has a large grin
on his face, and a sack over one shoulder. His clothes have little bits
of wax stuck to them, a sign that he has recently been working.

Skali of Kaldskryke    21940
A hawk-faced man with a blond beard. He is small in stature, and has a
look about him that says you should not trust him. But looks can be
deceiving. He stands relaxed, though his eyes betray his true state.

A Rimmersman soldier    34123
A casually dressed soldier, wearing unremarkable travelling clothes. He
wears tanned leather boots and a light wool cloak, underneath which can
be seen the hilt of a sword as he moves about. His face is covered by a
long unkempt beard, and his hair is longer still.

A soldier, wearing the green livery of Elias    41855
Though normally smiling and laughing with his friends, everytime this
soldier sees one of Josua's soldiers, his face turns grim as he reaches
for his sword, and starts to grumble. Quite a brutish looking fellow,
it's probably a good idea to be long gone if there's any trouble.

Doctor Morgenes    104575
A small man with wispy white hair, he seems to bound rather than walk.
He has a sparse beard, through which he runs his long, bent fingers.

Prince Gwythinn    30803
A handsome man, he is well dressed and well spoken - when he speaks. He
seems fairly quiet, preferring to listen to what is said and giving some
thought to his responses. He looks to be in good shape, and strides
around the room like a man with a purpose.

Fluiren of Nabban    7185
Once a mighty warrior, this old knight's hands are now bent and curled
like a hawk's feet. His hair is pure white, what remains of it anyway.
One of the previous High King's most faithful of warriors, he stays in
the Hayholt out of courtesy by the new High King.

Fengbald, the Earl of Falshire    46012
The Earl is dressed in a red tunic with a silver stitched eagle,
underneath which can be seen the metallic shine of a silver corselet.
His boots are wet and dirty, and he doesn't look very happy.

Sangfugol the harper     10006
A young man with dark hair and a smile on his face, he is wearing a
pigeon gray tunic, across which is slung an ashwood lute.

Helfcene, the King's Chancellor    12102
The Chancellor is a short man wearing a long black robe as befits his
office. He is fervently pacing up and down the room while mumbling to
himself. His arms are hidden beneath his robe and seem to be fiddling
with something; now and then movement can be seen beneath his robe.

Rebah, a kitchen maid    1k
A tall, young girl with long blonde wavy hair. The scowl on her face
takes very little away from her beauty.

Rachel the dragon, Mistress of Chambermaids    19467 

Benigaris of Nabban    40158
The son of Duke Leobardis, ruler of Nabban, and nephew of the famous Sir
Camaris, Benigaris is an imposing figure. He is a large man, well
dressed and well spoken. His clothes consist of a few dull and drab
colours, as befits his personality.

A Nabbanai Legionnaire   31757
A bulky man wearing solid platemail. Most of his face is hidden behind a
helm which comes right down to his chin. A large sword hangs at his
side, and clangs against his armour when he moves. He barely takes
notice of you.

King Elias    163564
With a high brow and hawk-like nose that runs in the family, the new
High King is a powerfully built man. His cloak and hose are green, while
his boots and cloak match his black hair. A long grey sword hangs at his
side.

Guthwulf of Utanyeat, the King's Hand      87198
A rough looking unshaven man, his hand lingers near the hilt of his long
sword. He is quick to dispense 'justice' and will not hesitate to kill.
He is not known as the Wolf for nothing. He stands slightly behind and
off to one side of the throne, well within range to defend his King.

Princess Miriamele    8213
With honey coloured hair, the Princess is very beautiful. Her pretty
face is solemn, and her shoulders are pulled back as if expecting a
blow. She seems very sad.

Duke Isgrimnur    82837
Dressed in a fine, light-weight blue tunic and hose, the Duke's
considerable size can still easily be seen. He has a braided beard with
frayed ends, courtesy of his constant picking at it. Buckled to his
waist is an enormous sword.

Count Eolair of Nad Mullach   9396
Dressed as though for a festival, this man's white tunic is belted three
times, each belt covered in gold or enameled metals. His long mane of
black hair is pulled back behind his head and tied with gold ribbon. He
has high cheekbones, and his face looks almost magical.

Simon, a scullion    16445
A tall slender boy, his size is less evident due to the way he hunches
over when he walks. He has a freckled face, over which hangs red hair.
The grin on his face makes him look like a mooncalf.

Towser the Jester   371
A small old man with a wrinkled smile. He still sings, and still wears
the checkered jerkin of a jester though he cannot tumble now. Upon his
head sits a pointy cap with bells on its tips, though now they are
clapperless, and move about silently when he shakes his head.






A small pair of boots
A small brown pair of boots that are well made, probably belonging to
someone with a bit of money. They are made of leather underneath, and
some softer hide on top.

A candle
A marvellous looking candle. Not too fancy, but neither is it plain. It
stands about eight inches high, and has a small wick poking out the top.
It consists of multiple colours winding around and around all the way
from the top to the bottom. You could light it if you wish.

A large sack (0% full)
A large sack that is capable of carrying a fair amount of items.

A light woolen cloak
A light travelling cloak made of wool. It reaches nearly all the way to
the ground, and is a dusty brown colour.

A book
This book is entitled 'The Sovran Remedies of the Wranna Healers', and
contains instructions, and diagrams, of how to heal various wounds.
There seem to be two parts to the book: health, and mind.

Sangfugol's Lute
A meticulously carved and assembled musical instrument. In the right
hands, it could produce music so divine that it may even tame the savage
beasts of the realm.

Fengbald's Helmet
An impressive helmet, it consists of a gleaming silver casque crested
with a pair of spreading wings.

A helm
A helm that comes down to the chin on either side, with a centerpiece
that covers the nose. It obstructs vision very slightly, but offers much
more protection than most of its kind.

Sorrow (enchanted)
A long, dark grey sword with a strange crossed hilt. There is a faint
blue sheen along its edge, running all the way from the tip down the
double guard. It gives you a strange and unsettling feeling just being
near it, yet still draws you in. You can hear it speaking faintly in
your mind, calling for you to wield it.

A golden ring
A beautifully crafted golden ring. It is perfect in every detail, from
the gold used to craft it to the etching around the outside.

A long, sharp sword
A long, slightly curved sword. It gleams in the light, and has a razor
sharp edge on both sides. It has a light coat of oil over it, and not a
single nick to mar its perfect edge. The hilt is long enough to allow a
person to wield it with both hands, or for larger men to use just one.
It is well balanced.

A bastard sword
This is a finely honed double bladed sword. It has some engravings on
the blade, and a richly decorated hilt that has become worn over time.



.