The Overlands [Distortion]
Dirs: Eforest, 3n



               /
        P   S x M
         \   \|/
          x   x-A
         /   /|
        x   4 L
        |  /
        x-x             x-x-2
       /   \           /     \
      5     x         x       x-x-3
             \       /
              x-x-x-x
              | | |  \
              x-1-x   x
             /         \
  C-x       x           x-x-x     x-x
     \     /                 \   /
      x-B-x                   x-6
 
S: Shop
M: Magic Shop
A: Arena
L: Library or Minassian
P: Portal (entrance/exit)
B: Cottage (Metal Slime)
C: Cave (Old Hag)
1: Samantha's Cathedral
2: Gargoyle cave
3: Mountain
4: Wiseman
5: Wiseman (Mesosaur)
6: A Large Rock

Cave:
level 1:

  x-x-x
 /     \
E       d

level 2

u
 \
  x-x-2
    |
    R

R: Raft to Sin'Jun Songsinger
2: The Two of Spades.


Cathedral:

   E E E
   | | |
 E-5-6-7-E
   | | |
 E-4-F-8-E
   | | |
 E-3-1-2-E
   | | | 
   E E E

E: Entrance/Exit
1: Statue of Pervasius, God of the Sea
2: Statue of Pytheria, Goddess of the Dead
3: Statue of Hermetian, God of Wisdom
4: Statue of Diana, Goddess of Love.
5: Statue of Dimitrius, God of War
6: Statue of Leah, Goddess of Nature
7: Statue of Jovian, Blacksmith of the Gods
8: Statue of Jordan, God of Liminality
F: Samantha's Fountain.


Gargoyle Cave:

 E-x-x
      \
       1
       |
       x
        \
         2
        /
     x-x
    /
   x
    \
     x
      \
       x
      /|\
     x-x-x
    /|X|X|\
   x-x-L-x-x
    \|X|X|/
     x-x-x
      \|/
       x
       |
       x
        \
         x-x-3

1: patterns in obsidian
2: turn sconce
3: Underground City


Mountain:
Level 1:

  D
   \
    G-x
       \
        U

G: Gate to graveyard

Level 2:

    U
     \
      x-x
         \
          x
           \
            x
            |
            x
           /
        x-x
       /
  M-N-x


M: Down and Mine
N: Condor Nest


Level 3:

                x-D
               /
              x
             /
      x-x-x-x
     /
  x-x
 /
x
|
x x-x
|  \ \
x   x x
|   |  \
x   x   x
 \   \  |
  x   U x
   \   /
    x-x


Level 4:

    x---D---x
     \  |  /
      x-x-x
       \|/
        U
        |
        C

C: Three of Spades

Monsters:

688 : Small Bunny Rabbit

This is a small, but perhaps dangerous, bunny rabbit. The thing that
is so dangerous about it is that it is so damned cute. You are
compelled to walk up to it and put your hand out, which is when
it could bite your finger.


3070 : A Small Sheep

This small sheep has wandered off from the herd.


5244 : A Sand Crab

This is a medium-sized sand crab. There are a lot of these in this area,
probably more than you have seen anywhere else. It has a brown and red
case, with sharp pincers to fend off attackers.


1665 : A Python

This is a python snake, born to attack other animals. It spends it's
whole life learning how to be the best predator it can be, only to
die at the hand of some adventurer.


2293 : A Red Fox

This is a medium sized fox, that spends its whole life in the forest.
It has a long brown tail, with a deep red body, and white pointy ears.
It looks friendy enough, but is probably dangerous.


337 : Small Fuzzy Squirrel

This small fuzzy squirrel is one of the many creatures that lives
in these lands. It has a brown coat, with a long fluffy and fuzzy
tail. It is eating an acorn.


324 : Snapper Turtle

A large turtle.  This turtle is one of the many inhabitants of the
river that flows through this region.  You can hear the snap of
the turtle bite get louder as it approaches you.  You had best
be careful.


6878 : A Small Lion

This is a large, powerful, magnificent beast. It has a golden mane, with
flowing hair, down to its paws. It has a long, aged face, and has probably
spent its entire life in this part of the Overlands.


10115 : A Strong Mountain Lion

This is a strong and proud mountain lion. It stands four feet tall,
five feet long, and probably weighs a few hundred pounds. It's long
blonde hair and golden eyes mark this as one of the strongest inhabitants
of this area.


21644 : A Red Minotaur

A red minotaur from the dungeon beneath the town.  Two large antlers
protrude from the minotaurs bullish head.  He is pretty muscular, but
only stands four feet tall.  He also seems to breathe heavily through
his nose.  The minotaur lets out a loud bellow, then gets ready to
charge you.


12609 : A Micro Cyclops

Standing at nearly four feet tall, this is a small version of the
deadly cyclops.  His leathery skin is tightly stretched by his
bulging muscles.  The cyclops lets off a small roar, revealing his
sharp teeth.


12513 : A Cave Lion

This is a cave lion, proud and strong. Being kept in captivity
has not tamed this lion one bit. It walks with it's head up high,
and it's chest out, ready to fight anyone.


18457 : A Mad Clown

An evil clown from the town of Cassaria.  Be careful, clowns are
very tricky.  The clown is wearing a colorful suit, with big red
shoes.  He has paint on his face, in the form of a sad face.  He
also has a big flower on his suit.


18570 : An Evil Vampire

An evil vampire from the dungeon beneath the town.  Vampires are
known for their viscious bite, where they drink your blood, and
heal themselves.  This vampire is very pale.  Blood drips from
his jagged fangs.


19164 : Fwiffo, A Metal Slime

A small patch of metallic goo, not more than six inches tall, sits before
you.  It has the shape of a raindrop, though bigger.  Two tiny, brown eyes
protrude from the slime.  Below the eyes, the metal slime wears a giant smile.
Beware though, metal slimes are notorious for being tougher than they look.
You get the feeling that even though Fwiffo is smiling on the outside, she's
sad on the inside.


14314 : A raging SAVAGE

A member of Khai Sun'jin, the tribe native to much of
overlands.  The Sun'jin are known for their fierce
berserker style of fighting.  The savage, covered with
war paint and wielding a blood stained hatchet, screams
war chants as he attacks in a state of rage.


14274 : An Immense Barbarian

An absolutely enormous cave man.  He stands nearly seven feet tall,
and is made of pure muscle.  In his right hand, he wields a giant
obsidian club, almost as big as you.  You fear that going toe to
toe with this monstrosity might prove unwise.  The barbarian lets
out an indecipherable cry in his native tongue.


26589 : A Hatchet Man

An evil hatchet man.  Hatchet men are the deadliest warriors of
the Sin'jun clan.  Though they only wield primitive hatchets,
their berserker style of fighting makes them deadly.  Blue and
white war paint covers this hatchet man's red face.  He throws
the live fish he was eating to the ground, and attacks!


77073 : Sin'jun Songsinger (sea hag)

From the darkness, a face peers out at you with glowing red eyes.
Looking upon her pale, white skin, a fierce grin shatters your reality
as you step back a minute to gather yourself. Marred hands turn a
wooden stick of some sort, that disappears into a pot overflowing with
liquid. A cat lopes by her side, silent as if it were contained by
some type of magic. The hag, hunched over, looks in no condition to
fight, but looks can often be deceiving. She grins as she ascends back
into the shadows.


30258 : The Two of Spades

     A playing card, it looks very out of place here.  In all your
years of study, you have never heard of the existance of such a
creature.
     Protruding from the card, are two extremely thin legs, and two
even thinner arms, one of which is holding yet another card.
An aura of powerful magic radiates from the card.


5575 : A jade gargoyle

This huge gargoyle is made of pure jade.  Refracted light shines
through his semi-transparent body.  This beast stands over ten
feet tall.  Five sharpened gems grow out of each of the gargoyle's
palms.  They would make deadly weapons.  The gargoyle's eyes are
pure white, and they gaze upon you with a hypnotic stare.


3611 : A stone gargoyle

This massive stone beast hulks over you in an attacking stance. Knife-like talons jut out 
of the gargoyle's large wing tips.  Two curled, stiletto-sharp horns protrude from its bal
d, rocky head.  This is definitely a formidable adversary.


32964 : A gargoyle lord

Blood drools from the giant jaws of this terrible, massive predator.
The flaming eyes of this horrid beast gaze upon you with a look of
fury.  Giant talons protrude from the leathery wings of the gargoyle
lord.  Two twisting horns, each over a foot long, drip with magma.
You would be totally out of your element engaging this horrible beast
in combat.


11202 : A gargoyle knight

The most powerful of all the gargoyles.  Clad in full gargoyle armour,
an encounter with this giant beast could easily be fatal.  Two large
tails grow out of the gargoyle.  One of the tails ends in a spade shape,
while the other ends in a ball filled with spikes needles.  The
gargoyle knight is wielding a huge metallic sword.


20436 : Wraith Knight

An accursed wraith knight.  Once brave warriors, wraith knights have
had their soul taken over by Pytheria after falling in battle.  Clad in
ancient banded mail, the entity that stands before you is nothing more
than the skeleton of the warrior that once was.  Thousands of worms coil
and inch around the bones of this creature.  A deathly looking snake
slithers through one of its eye sockets, dangling into its rib cage.
You fear this horrid creature is a force with which to be reckoned.


52105 : Vampiric Dragon

This horrific beast just came out of the pits of Hades.  As you gaze
into the dragon's hypnotic eyes, you feel like you're staring
into death itself.  Vampire Dragons nest in the lower parts of Mt.
Silvermoon, unmercifully annihilating anything that dares try to scale
its forbidden slopes.  From within this insane abomination, a million
souls cry out for you to free them.


88917 : Promethian Dragon

A giant silvery dragon that makes its residence on Mt. Silvermoon.
This massive beast could tear you to shreds if you weren't careful.
At over 100 feet in length, to call this beast anything less than a
total wrecking machine would be an understatement.  The Vampiric
Dragons might have seemed tough, but this guy totally dwarfs them.
His milky white talons are as big as a full-grown man, and razor sharp;
his shiny silver exterior is as hard as the mountain peak he resides
on, and his humongous teeth aren't teeth at all, but giant sword-like
instruments of death!


12812 : 6-headed Hydra

A horrible six-headed hydra.  Six massive tentacles grow out of its
deformed reddish body.  At the end of each tentacle, is a toxic pit of
death, which looks vaguely like a mouth.  The hydra lets out wretched
screams of death and rips a hole into the mountainside.  Any life that
dares enter its vicinity will be immediately destroyed. Though headless
and virtually dead, the hydra thrashes about wildly in its last attempt
to destroy you.


102018 : Elysian Chimera

A mythical Elysian Chimera.  You have only heard of these most magical
of creatures through the stories of old wise men.  Its massive girth
leaves a shadow over the entire surrounding region.  The body of this
mammoth beast has a frame similar to that of a lion, only about ten
times bigger in magnitude, and with the hindquarters of a large, black
goat. It's body has brownish-brown wings like those of a dragon. Three
necks, as thick as tree trunks, grow out of it.  At the end of these
necks are three heads, each twenty feet in diameter; one of a goat, one
of a lion, and one of a dragon.
     The goat, which looks like it has just been to hell and back, has
blood red demonic eyes, which gaze directly into your soul.  Out of
its head grow two jagged horns that could rip you apart if you were
to challenge this beast in battle.
     The lion head is framed with a brown mane, and blood drips from
its giant maw.  From the expression on its face, it looks like it can't
wait to take a giant bite out of you. The lion lets out a great roar,
demonstrating its strength.
     The blue, scaly neck of the dragon extends high above the rest
of the chimera.  Flames flare out of its giant nostrils.  You can
tell it's just waiting to blast you to smithereens with a dragonball.


34364 : The Three of Spades

A playing card, it looks very out of place here.  In all your
years of study, you have never heard of the existance of such a
creature.
     Protruding from the card are two extremely thin legs and two
even thinner arms, one of which is holding yet another card.
An aura of powerful magic radiates from the card.


77448 : Arcadia Silvermoon

 A single band of silver denotes Aradia Silvermoon as an Apollyon
Knight.  Only another Apollyon can equal this man in weapon to weapon
combat and no one can best him.  His grey hair is deceiving, for
this man has none of the ailments of old age.  He moves almost
instinctively with a feline grace and what seem startling feats of
skill are second nature to him.  He makes complete use of every facet
of fighting, and so rarely finds a good fight that he must spar against
other Apollyons.  A sworn protector of Overlands, he lives to insure
the dominance of his element, and to further master his unequaled
skill.
     Though his wisdom of battle is unmatched, it did not come without
a price.  As an arrogant youth, Arcadia dared challenge Javelin in a
duel.  Reluctantly, Javelin accepted.  And in that battle, Javelin
crippled Arcadia for life; reducing one of his arms to cinders with a
searing ball of flame.  Although Arcadia is heralded as the greatest
warrior ever to grace this land, he wonders every day ... how good he
might have been had it not been for that fateful encounter.
Constantly striving to better himself, that one day he might meet
Javelin a second time.
     As you look upon him and gaze into his eyes, you can see the
genius he controls.  You fear you would be totally out of your element
challenging him.  He is armed with the Silvermoon.  Upon his forehead
lies the violet rune, marking him as a conquerer of the stygian abyss.


77448 : Soulscorch, Arcadia's PHOENIX 

The most powerful of all winged creatures that reside on Silvermoon's
forbidden slopes.  The great Phoenix, Soulscorch, makes his dominion
atop the highest mountain peak, alongside his master, Arcadia.
Legend has it that when Arcadia sacked the great city of Alexandria,
Soulscorch leveled the entire citadel in a matter of seconds.  A task
which the entire king's army couldn't perform in six months.
This high powered offensive wrecking machine contains power which even
the gods fear.  Soulscorch was supposedly born with the universe
itself and some say it can never really be killed.
     Currently, it sleeps; perched upon a tall rock about five feet
above you, with its wings folded over its head.  You feel humbled,
as if you are standing in the presence of greatness.



Items:

A Crab's Pincer.
unknown

Minerva Bands.
These haunting bands are black as midnight.  Made of the stars themselves,
they are legendary for their ability to render their owner invincible.  It
is apparent that these bands are of unearthly origin.  The substance from
which they were forged of is unlike any you have ever seen.  They are of
the purest black.  It almost looks as if there is a hole in space where
they reside.  You notice that by moving the bands, a brilliant light
momentarily appears from behind it.  This has a blinding effect similar
to that of an eclipse.

Silvermoon (enchanted).
The weapon of Arcadia Silvermoon.  It consists of quarter moon
crescent with no handle.  The only way you could possibly wield
this weapon is to hold it by part of the blade itself.  This weapon
seems very alien to you and you're not exactly sure how to use it.
After sitting down for a few minutes, trying unsucessfully to comprehend
the blade, you give up.  The blade is made of moonstone; and although
it is paper thin, it is unbendable.

A crosshair.
Glistening brightly, this metal crosshair once belonged to a sword,
but now stands alone.  It is made of metal, though the metal is
like none you have ever seen.  The crosshair makes the an X shape.
On each diagonal, are imbedded a host of jewels of multiple colors.
Though useless alone, perhaps if you had the other pieces of the sword,
you could reassemble them.

A pommel.
An old and scuffed pommel of a sword.  It looks like nothing special.
Perhaps if you could find the other parts, and then get a skilled
weaponsmith to remake the sword, you could use it.  However, it
doesn't seem like it'd be worth the trouble.  It is black, and
unusually light.

Elysian Chimera's Mane.
The giant gold mane of a ferocious Elysian chimera.  These manes
are in high demand among medical men.  They are important ingredients
in many antidotes.  Alas, most of the medical men in Overlands are
very poor and wouldn't be able to give you much for it.  It is,
however, greatly needed.  You could also probably wear the mane over
your head.

Alabaster Potion.
A small vial containing some sort of white fluid.  You could drink
it to find out what it does.

A Fox Tail.
The is the brown tail from a red fox. It is long and fluffy.

A Lion's Claw.
This is the claw from a mountain lion, a powerful one indeed. The claw
is razor sharp, and would probably demand a high value if sold.

An Acorn.
This is an acorn that some squirrel earned by hard work. It looks
much like an other acorn you have seen before, except that it looks
delicous.

Turtle Shell.
This large turtle shell once belonged to a turtle from Overlands.
It'd probably make a pretty effective shield.

Stone hatchet.
This hatchet once belonged to one of the savage warriors of the
Sin'Jun tribe.  It consists of a wooden handle about a foot long.
Tied to the handle by some sort of skin-like rope, is a flat stone
with a sharp end.  The stone is stained with blood.  Alas, you
fear the stone is too dull to use effectively.

Giant Obsidian Club.
The humongous obsidian club of a barbarian of Overlands.  You
can barely lift it, and feel it wouldn't be too useful as a
weapon, at least in your hands.  It is, however, made of
precious obsidian; and can probably be sold for a high price.

Bloody hatchet.
The blood red hatchet of an evil member of the Sin'Jun Clan.
The Sin'Jun use such instruments of death to deliver horrible
pain to their victims.  You could probably <deliver pain> to
your victim as well.

Old Hag's Heart.
     Black as death, this is the heart of the ancient sea hag, Sin'Jun
Songsinger.  Though Sin'Jun is dead, her heart still beats incessantly.
As you handle the heart in your hand, black ooze seeps out of one of
the many arteries that interleave the heart.  Being in the presence
of Sin'Jun's heart has a strange effect on you and everyone around
you.  Your heart, and the hearts of those around you beat as one with
Sin'Jun's heart, binding all of you together in a mystical way.  You
think you might be able to channel your physical and mental energies
to those in your presence.  "channel <amt> <hp/sp> <person>"
                         or "transfer <amt> <hp/sp> <person>".

A spade.
The two of spades.  You have no idea what use this could serve,
but perhaps if you had all thirteen spades, they might do something.

A spade.
The three of spades.  You have no idea what use this could serve,
but perhaps if you had all thirteen spades, they might do something.

Gargoyle Full Platemail.
This pitch black suit of armour radiates pure evil.  A fiery red
image of a gargoyle has been painted onto the front of the armour.
It does not appear as if this armour was meant to be worn by a human.
There are no places for arms.  Instead, it looks as if this was meant
for something with wings.

Sword of Gargoyles.
This milky white blade is studded with red and blue gems.  Ancient
runes in the unknown language of the gargoyles have been burned into
the shaft of the blade.  An ornate pommel carved in the image of a
small gargoyle extends out of the bottom of the blade.

Talons of a Vampire Dragon.
The dark talon of an ancient vampire dragon.  At over a foot in length,
this would make a deadly weapon indeed.  The blackness in the talon
symbolizes all the death it has brought forth.  It is stained with the blood
of countless lost adventurers.  The talon is made of midnight black
ebony and is razor sharp.  This device is very popular among the secret
assassins guild beneath Casaria according to rumors one hears in the
various inns throughout Overlands.  It has therefore been declared illegal
to possess one.  However, this would be worth a hefty price on the black
market, for vampire dragons are nearly impossible to kill.

Vampire Dragon Scales.
These scales once belonged to one of the great Vampiric Dragons that
reside upon Mt. Silvermoon's forbidden slopes.  The scales are semi
transparent and red in color.  In fact, they seem almost like they're
made of rubies, or some sort of ruby compound.  There is a jeweler in
Casaria, he could probably tell you more.

Talons of a Promethian Dragon.
Perfectly smooth ivory converges onto a single jagged tip.  This
hybrid nail/sword once belonged to a fierce Promethian Dragon.  It
has been fine tuned by evolution to be the perfect killing device.
The milky white ivory comes second to only obsidian in its durability
and hardness.  You could sell it to a blacksmith to melt down and
craft into whatever he wills; or you could sell it on the black market
for the assassins guild to use as is.

Promethian Scales.
Jades, agates, emeralds and sapphires stud the pearly scales of the rare
and beautiful Promethian Dragon.  How these rare stones are able to grow
upon the dragon's skin has been a source of myth throughout Overlands.
Some say the Promethian Dragons are Samantha's pets and she magically
altered them to be the finest beasts to roam the land.  The aristocracy
of Overlands would pay any price for this find.  Though these scales
seem to offer virtually no protection against any sort of attack, an
aura of magic pervades the lattice of gems.

A head of a six-headed hydra.
This is one of the giant hydra's heads.  Although its yellow-white
teeth are no longer a threat, they still look dreadfully fearsome,
as do its large, liveless amber eyes.

Armour of Radiance (shimmering slightly).
Forged from the scales of Tiamat herself by the god blacksmith
Jovian, this is the mythical Armour of Radiance.  Epics of ages past
tell tales of those who had donned this ultimate piece of craftsmanship
and were rendered invincible!  This sacred heirloom has passed through
the hands of a myriad of generations of legendary heroes.  From
Ramsutaphus, the first Emperor of Overlands over two thousand years
ago to Arcadia Silvermoon, one of only three ever to ascend to the
rank of Apollyon Knight.
     Deep red scales as hard as diamonds are sewn tightly together
onto some sort of skin-like base.  Though these scales offer unmatched
protection, wearing them would hinder your flexibility greatly, as
this suit of armour is quite bulky.  Directly below the chest of the
armour, the scales coalesce to form a small red dragon head.  For
eyes, the dragon has finely carved jades; and looking into it's
mouth, you can see a vortex of magical energy.




-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Robobop the High Priest (Shopkeeper).
This is a great man, Robobop. He is currently the owner of Casaria's
equipment shop, and a high-priest. He was born here, and grew up as
a member of the Kyper clan. He eventually became a High-Priest, with
the help of his friend Mesosaur, and became very powerful. About fifteen
years after the monster invasion, Robobop decided to buy out the town
shops and combine them to maximize profit. He stands over six feet tall,
and looks very strong.

You say: hi
Robobop says: Hello. Welcome to my shop!

You say: mesosaur
Robobop says: Mesosaur... What an interesting character. I would probably
              have to say that he is my best friend. We go very far back, as
              we used to fight hydras together a lot. I believe that now he
              spends his time trying to find a way into Javelin's tower.

You say: tower
Robobop says: Hmm, I dont know nearly as much about the tower as
              my friend Mesosaur, so you might want to ask him.

You say: javelin
Robobop says: Bah... Don't get me started.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
A Wiseman.
This is a man who has decided to spend his remaining days welcoming people
to the town. He stands about five feet tall, and has very grey hair. If
you would like to speak to him, just say 'hi'.

You say: hi
The Wiseman says: Welcome to the town of Casaria!

You say: casaria
The Wiseman says: This is Casaria, one of the premier towns in the region.
                  While you are here, I strongly suggest you visit the
                  library. Most of this area's history is kept there, and
                  you can learn a lot. 

You say: library
The Wiseman says: From here, the library of Minassian is to the northeast
                  and then south.

You say: javelin
The Wiseman says: You had better ask someone else about those things.

You say: orac
The Wiseman says: You had better ask someone else about those things.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
A Wiseman.
This is the one who goes by the name Mesosaur. He is currently a
prominent druid, on his way to becoming an Arch. His power is mighty,
but it is almost nothing in comparison to that of Javelin, the great
Arch Magus.

You say: hi
The Wiseman says: Well, hello! My name is Mesosaur. Why have you come to
                  the tower of Javelin?

You say: tower
The Wiseman points to your right.

You say: javelin
The Wiseman says: Javelin is one of the most powerful creatures ever to
                  grace this realm. He is the current master of the
                  Silver Order mages. The ranks of the mages have ruled
                  this land as far back as the demise of Orac.  It is
                  said that Javelin took the great knight's life with his
                  unmatched skill and power. Once the land was ruled by a
                  circle of semi-powerful men, self-proclaimed as the
                  'Jesus Gang'; but since the demise of Orac, none have
                  dared to challenge the power of Javelin.  For he is the
                  highest level Arch Magus in this land and perhaps the
                  entire realm.

You say: jesus gang
The Wiseman says: The Jesus Gang harrassed many adventurers for quite
                  some time. As a young druid, I recall being often
                  harrassed in the arena and forced into paying homage to
                  the gang.  Many times while I was training in the
                  arena, I would see gang members, who had just
                  discovered the first of the great runes, emerge from
                  the dungeon.  Randomly, each would leap from the
                  dungeon, their Levinblades in hand, and they would
                  begin killing innocent level one hunters, and druids.
                  Soon after, a proclamation was past on to the
                  inhabitants of the realm,
                  
                  'ANYONE SEEN WITH THE FIRST RUNE ON THEIR FOREHEAD WILL
                  BE KILLED'
                  
                  During this time, a young boy named Edroman, brother of
                  Javelin, was born. Edroman grew up to be a strong and
                  proud warrior, defiant of the plights of the Jesus
                  Gang. Together with a few of the realm's rebel
                  warriors, Edroman obtained the white rune and journeyed
                  onward to the forbidden second town, where he received
                  the mighty Levinblade. The tides turned from that day
                  forward.

You say: orac
The Wiseman says: Orac was once the protector of this realm. Many a new
                  adventurer, who came to this realm, would go to Orac
                  for help, protection, and very often gold. Orac, who
                  held the highest level of all the knights, bore the
                  greatest of the runes upon his brow.

You say: town
The Wiseman says: In the second town, lies many great secrets; one of
                  which is the yellow rune. With monsters who are quite
                  fierce, the rune is guarded by a great chasm, in the
                  stonework corridors. Perhaps you should venture there
                  one day after gaining the first rune.

You say: barrier
The Wiseman says: Well my friend, the barrier is a great force. It
                  focuses upon the fears of those who try to pass it and
                  thus harm them. If one would only study the field, then
                  it might be possible to find a way past it.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Library Books

Book1:
                -=The Legend of Javelin, Books I-IV=-

Book I, The White Rune

     There was once a prospering city on the southern shores of the known
continent.  On the first day of the 21st year of the reign of King Gotik,
the King's daughter, Princess Shayla, was to be married to Skeeve, the
general of the King's army.

        On the day of the wedding ceremony, the goddess Samantha, Queen of
the gods, appeared and revealed that Shayla was already pregnant.  Not only
that, she was pregnant with the son of not Skeeve, but Kovan, King of the
gods, and husband of Samantha.  Furious, Samantha cursed the town with a
terrible earthquake.  The earthquake was so massive it broke the town and
all surrounding area away from the mainland.  She then proclaimed that no
one was to leave the island until they proved their worth by braving the
ancient catacombs beneath the town, and coming back with proof of their
bravery in the form of a white rune located in the deepest depths
of the catacombs, and guarded by a bloodthirsty beast known as the
Stygian Dragon.

        Life went on in the now islolated town, and Princess Shayla gave
birth to her son, Javelin.  Skeeve and Shayla were married, but Skeeve
detested Javelin, he represented Shayla's unfaithfulness, and her
detested Javelin, because Princess Shayla's attention was focused on
him rather than Skeeve.

        For 18 years, Skeeve tried to recover the white rune, and for
18 years he was unsuccessful.  In the meantime, Javelin was growing
up.  Shayla was versed in the healing arts, and she tried to influence
Javelin to join the priesthood, but he refused.  He saw himself as
one day becoming a powerful sorcerer, and so he studied as an apprentice
to Diodotus, a great mage who once headed Gotik's court, but who was later
exiled for refusing to assist Gotik in a war against one of the rival
nations.  Diodotus did not believe in war.

        On his 18th birthday, Javelin, the untested novice mage decided
to chance the catacombs.  No one took Javelin seriously, it was common
knowledge at the time that knights were the most powerful warriors.  And
if Skeeve, the greatest knight of the time, couldn't kill the Stygian
Dragon, how could a lowly mage?  But Javelin had faith, and ventured into
the dank, dark caverns beneath the town.

        Skeeve never talked of what he encountered in the catacombs, so
Javelin didn't know what to expect.  In his journey through the catacombs,
Javelin encountered many foul beasts, including a giant cyclops, a minotaur,
a fire breathing chimera, and a community of stone giants.  But with the
knowledge of Diodotus and his strong wits, Javelin managed to fight his way
through the catacombs.  Along the way he passed the long rotted corpses of
what were some of the greatest knights of their time, Javelin was surprised
he made it as far as he did.

        Upon reaching the lowest levels of the Catacombs, Javelin heard
a hideous screeching.  It was the Stygian Dragon.  Javelin turned the corner,
and saw the most horrendous abomination man had ever set his eyes on.
Sitting among mounds of rotted bones and remains of brave adventurers,
was a jet black dragon.  It measured a full 40' from head to tail, and
it focused it's sight on the small mage.  Javelin was overcome with terror,
and froze as the dragon charged at him.  Javelin's instincts then started
to take control over him, and something unusual happened.  Javelin focused a
stare at the dragon, and uttered the word 'todukar.'  A searing ball of flame
discharged from Javelin's hand and blasted into the dragon.  The fireball
burned the dragon in an absolute inferno.  The dragon gave out a final
screech and then dropped to the ground lifeless.

        Javelin didn't understand what had just transpired.  He had never
even heard of such a spell before that moment.  Nevertheless, he moved forward,
and the white rune was within his sight.  But before reaching the rune, he was
hit from behind.  It was his step-father Skeeve, who was trailing him the
whole time.  Skeeve ran for the rune, when Javelin's instincts took ahold
of him again.  He called forth a magical bolt of lightning, and buried it
into Skeeve.  Skeeve screamed in pain, and then fell to the ground, dead.
Javelin went to the magical rune, and burned it into his forehead.  Upon
doing so, Javelin realized who he was, who his father was, and his power.
        Upon gaining the white rune, Javelin made his way back up the
catacombs.  News of his success had already reached the town before he
even arrived, via the local prophets.

        Javelin was not a very popular figure in the community.  Many
blamed him for the curse Samantha had put on the town.  Skeeve on the
other hand was very popular.  Where Diodotus failed to come through
for King Gotik, Skeeve had not.  He led Gotik's armies to victory
on countless occasions.

        Javelin's killing of Skeeve had angered the town greatly.  Some
of the younger folks were sympathetic to him, but the older generation
felt a deep hatred for Javelin, and this was the final straw as they
were concerned.  As Javelin made his way out of the catacombs, he was
greeted by an angry mob.  Probably about 1/3 of the entire town ...
carrying everything from torches to pitch forks, and ready for a hanging.
        Javelin, with the realization of who he was still fresh in his mind,
waved his hands and created a magical barrier.  He then spoke:
 
Javelin: You fools!  Do you know who I am?  Skeeve was just a mortal.
        You are all just mortals!  I am the son of a god, and you dare
        question me?!
 
     And in a fit of rage, he struck his fist to the ground, igniting
a massive earthquake!  He had not realized what he had done until it was
too late, and in a matter of minutes, the dungeon opened up. Hordes of
monsters poured out of the dungeon, attacking all of the town's
inhabitants.  The monsters overwhelmed the town, killing many, including
princess Shayla.

     Casaria was in peril at this point, being overrun by hordes of
monsters, and it seemed as if nothing could stop them.  However, a young
knight by the name of Orac, meshed steel with the horrific monsters.
Orac the mighty stood against the fury, and faced close to two hundred
monsters, all ranging from Mintoaurs to Hydras, Trolls to Chimeras,
and in the end the brave knight emerged victorious.

     The town was very angry with Javelin.  Orac secretly challenged Javelin
to a duel.  That night they met.  In a legendary battle of wit versus
strength, Javelin and Orac dueled outside the town gates.

    'DUMOTI' screamed Javelin as a maelstrom of fireballs impaled Orac.
Orac struck Javelin with extreme fury and vengence and anger, as he
furiously tried to maintain power in the struggle. After many hours of
fighting, Javelin screamed 'TODUKAR', which sent Orac reeling. Bleeding,
and almost dead, Orac was left by Javelin to die.  By this time it was
close to 3 AM, and no one was around to help save Orac.  He did however,
manage to survive, and the next morning was healed by the priesthood.
 
        All that Javelin had done drew the attention of Kovan, and
an angered image of him appeared before Javelin:
 
Kovan: Javelin, you disappoint me dearly.  You have unleashed the horrors
       of the dungeon upon these people.  You have demonstrated to me
       that you are uncapable of controlling your powers, and so, you must
       be punished.
 
     Then, with a single thought, Kovan rendered Javelin a mere mortal
again.  And so, still devastated by the loss of his power and family,
Javelin was now alone in the world.  Powerless, without a home, he
cried himself to sleep on a grassy field about a mile southwest of the town.

Book2:
Book II, Samantha's Cathedral

     Javelin awoke the next morning, and was still as confused and
sad as the night before.  His family was gone, he was without a
home.  He wandered the landscape and came across Samantha's
Great Cathedral.  A monumental shrine built in honor of the gods
of Overlands.  Legend has it that if you throw a coin into the
great white fountain in the middle of the cathedral and pray,
the gods will guide your path.
  
   Javelin approached the fountain.  The only coin he had was
an ornamental coin Diodotus gave him for his birthday with the
image of a sick behemoth engraved on the front.  Javelin tossed
the coin in the fountain and prayed.  Nothing happened.  He started
to walk away, when a voice called out to him.

"Javelin."

     He turned around, and behind him was a red statue.  There
were white statues of all the gods throughout the cathedral, but
he hadn't noticed this red one before.  He approached the sentinel
and it spoke.

"Javelin, this is Diodotus.  I have much to tell you.  Much of what
you have experienced in the past days have been orchestrated by
powers unknown to you.  All the power you have been employing
recently has been the work of an evil hag known as Sin'Jun.  She
made you believe it was you doing all that you were doing, but in
fact it was her.  It is true that you are the son of Kovan, but
it was not he that appeared before you and disowned you.  That was
simple a fascade created by Sin'Jun to trick you.  There is not
enough time to explain the big picture to you, but know that you
are a threat to Sin'Jun and her Queen's evil conquest, and your
true adventure is only beginning.  I have been imprisoned by
Sin'Jun deep underground in a cave inhabited by a race of savage
warriors.  Do not try to rescue me, you stand no chance against
the savages or Sin'Jun without further training.  Seek the Holy
Grove to the southeast.  There your mind will become more focused
and your true power will begin to manifest itself.  Remember Javelin,
I am very proud of you, and will always believe in you."

     And so, Javelin set off for the Holy Grove.

Book3:
Book III, The Coming of Javelin

     Javelin arrived at the Holy Grove and was greeted warmly by
a female elven druid named Celestia Silvermoon.  Javelin told Celestia
all that happened and asked if she would take him on a an apprentice.
She agreed, and gave Javelin a small room below the druid library
to live in.
     Over the next three weeks, Celestia began to teach Javelin the
principles of philosophy, history, mathematics, science, and sorcery.
Javelin picked up on the ideas and principles presented with inhuman,
almost godlike speed.  Celestia knew Javelin was not a mere mortal
when she saw this.  In three weeks, instead of Celestia teaching
Javelin philosophy, it was in fact Javelin teaching Celestia; and
all the druids for that matter, possibilities they had never even
considered before!  In this short time frame, Javelin had been
transformed from an unconfident boy into the great Arch Magus he
is today.
     Upon seeing the light as he did, he decided that it was now time
to go for Diodotus, and realize his true purpose.  Before leaving,
however, he had one more encounter.  Celestia had another disciple,
her nephew Arcadia.  Arcadia had been studying under Celestia for
more than six years, and in all that time didn't accomplish what
Javelin did in only three weeks.  Arcadia was insanely jealous of
Javelin, and refused to believe Javelin was as good as he was.  So
the night Javelin left for Diodotus, Arcadia confronted him.

Arcadia: You may have fooled the other druids, but you don't fool me.
         I don't know what you wanted here, and quite frankly, I don't
         care.  Come, let us fight, and see who's really the better of
         the two.

Javelin: Arcadia, please get out of my way.  You don't understand the
         powers you're trying to meddle with.  I have no wish to fight
         you.

Arcadia: Is the great Javelin scared?  I will NOT let you leave with
         everyone believing how smart and how great you are.  If you
         will not fight me, I will simply kill you with more ease
         than I would have otherwise.

Javelin: Step aside Arcadia, I'm a busy man.

And with that, Arcadia unsheathed his silver sword, and began to swing
it toward Javelin.  Before he could complete the motion; however,
Javelin discharged a searing ball of flame at him.  And in doing so,
he totally incinerated Arcadia's right arm, reducing it to cinders.
Arcadia fell to the ground, gasping in pain.  Javelin looked to
Arcadia, grumbled momentarily and said "I'm sorry."

Book4:
Book IV, Sin'Jun Songsinger

     Javelin set off in pursuit of Diodotus, and came upon a forbidding
cave in the western part of the island.  He entered the cave and
was immediately attacked by a brutal savage.  Upon seeing the savage,
Javelin put up a magical shell of protection.  However, the savage's
attacks were so fierce, the aura offered little protection.  The
savage jumped on Javelin and started hacking away like a madman!
Javelin had highly underestimated his foe, and managed to cast
a spell of sanctuary just in the nick of time.
     After taking a moment to recover from the attack, Javelin took
out an invisibility herb from his bag of reagents and turned himself
invisible.  He then left his sanctuary, back into the cave.  The
savage didn't notice him re-enter, and Javelin managed to sneak past
the savage unseen.  Javelin walked through the rest of the cave,
sneaking past many guardians, and finally came upon an underground
lake.  There was a raft upon the shoreline, but he feared that
boarding it and sailing out would catch the attention of the
two savages in the vicinity.  And so, Javelin walked behind the
two savages, faded back into existence, and invoked one of the
powerful abilities Celestia taught him at the Elundi temple.  He
focused his mind upon one of the savages, and using the psionic
powers of the mind, was able to take control of the savage's
undeveloped brain.  He compelled the savage to attack the other one,
and in a single swipe, the savage buried his hatchet in the other
savage's forehead, killing him instantaneously.
     Javelin did not sever his connection with the savage after
forcing him to kill his friend.  Instead he brought the savage
onto the raft with him, and they sailed together onto the unknown
lake.
     After several hours of drifting aimlessly upon the lake, the
raft somehow managed to find its way to a small island.  The island
was no more than twenty feet in diameter.  A deathly mound of bones
and skulls filled it.  Upon the mound, an old hag, Sin'Jun Songsinger
stood, mixing something in a black cauldron.  Floating high above
the island, was a prison cell and inside the cell stood Diodotus.
Javelin docked the raft and approached Sin'Jun.

Sin'Jun: Yesss, he has comeaaerrh.

Javelin: What are you?  What do you want?

Sin'Jun: I think the proper question is, what do you want?  You
         have gone through a lot of trouble to come here.  I
         think you know what I want Javelin.  I want you, heh heh
         heh!

Sin'Jun then looked to the savage Javelin brought with him, and
snapped her fingers.  The savage disintegrated immediately.

Javelin: I am here to save Diodotus and put an end to your
         diabolical plot, whatever it may be.

Sin'Jun: Oh, what a noble cause mage.  Would you like to know what
         my plan is?

Javelin: Yes.

Sin'Jun: Heh heh heh, I'll just let your friend Diodotus tell you
         after you kill me and rescue him.  Hahahahaha!  Hahahahaha!

Javelin chuckles and says: You're quite the character witch.  Why
         are all the smart ones so evil?  Well, except me of course.

Sin'Jun: Why don't you join us Javelin?  Dump that old prune Diodotus
         and rule the world with us.

Javelin: I don't base my decisions on pathos Sin'Jun.  Even if you
         are the only one close enough to be my intellectual equal,
         what you're doing is still wrong.  Furthermore, even we 
         are mere pawns at the mercy of the gods.  Now tell me
         Sin'Jun Songsinger, what are you trying to accomplish.

Sin'Jun: Very well, you've heard of Pytheria, haven't you?

Javelin: No.

Sin'Jun: She lives in a palace high in the sky, atop a floating rock.
         She is evil, very evil.  She and her lover Dimitrius wish
         to take over this puny land, and enslave its inhabitants.

Javelin: Indeed, and why do you help her?

Sin'Jun: Ahh, the all important question.  Well you tell me Javelin,
         why not?  What's wrong with what she's doing?

Javelin: Hmm, so you're saying there's nothing wrong with enslaving
         these people and putting them through misery?

Sin'Jun: Precisely.

Javelin: Interesting.  Let's stop talking with these artificial
         terms.  My human training still has its effects, heh heh.
         So what do you think the purpose of life is?

Sin'Jun: Err, yes... pleasure.

Javelin: Hmm, yes.  But what of the gods?  Are you not taking them
         into consideration?

Sin'Jun: You give the gods too much respect, Javelin.  They are
         powerless to change pure logic.  Even the immortals
         are limited in many ways.

And then Hermetian, God of Wisdom, appeared in a flash of light.

Hermetian: Oh is that so Sin'Jun?

Sin'Jun: Heh heh, well well well if it isn't Hermetian appearing
         out of nowhere, trying to show off his power. hahaha 
         Get outta here you idiot.

Hermetian then flashed his eyes and everything changed.

Sin'Jun:  What the... what was I thinking!  1 + 1 doesn't equal 2, it
          equals 3!  And ... and ... yes the purpose of life is clearly
          work!  It has to be!  Oh all the books must be re-written,
          they're all wrong.

Hermetian: Ha ha ha, you amuse me Sin'Jun.

Hermetian's eyes then flashed again, and everything was back to normal.

Sin'Jun: Ack!  What an odd occurence.  Hmm, I'll have to rethink
         everything.  Alright Javelin, I will discontinue my
         assistance to Pytheria for the time being.  I shall
         rethink my philosophy and then reconsider my actions.  I
         cannot promise I will come to a conclusion which is
         satisfactory to you.  Now begone, I have much to think
         about.

So Sin'Jun released Diodotus, and both he and Javelin went off in
search of this "Pytheria."

Jesus_gang:
                Story of the Jesus Gang
              
        After Javelin got the white rune, many people followed. However,
  the first of these people was a group who called themselves the
  'Jesus Gang'. The reason simply was that their leader went by the
  name of Jesus. Now for many years, the Jesus gang pretty much controlled
  the town. They forbode anyone from leaving the town, or from going
  into the dungeon and getting the white rune. They proclaimed that
  if anyone was seen with the with rune upon their forehead they would
  be killed on sight. For a long time the denizens of Casaria lived in
  fear of the powerful Jesus gang, until one day when Edroman and Orac
  decided to challenge them.


Jesus_gang_2:
        Battle between Jesus gang, Orac and Edroman
        
    Edroman and Orac finally decided to challenge the power of the
Jesus gang and free the town. As a first step, the two brave knights
went down into the dungeon and each got themselves the white rune. Now
this was no easy task. They fought their way through Chimeras, Stone
Giants, and finally the infamous Stygian Dragon. After returning from 
the dungeon with the runes upon their foreheads, the two challenged
the Jesus Gang. In a legendary battle between Orac, Edroman, Jesus, 
Redman, Zombie, Muldog, Darkmage, and Devildog, the balance of power was 
shifted in the town of Casaria. The battle raged on for hours as 
Edroman and Orac were outnumbered, and it appeared as if the Jesus
gang was going win, until a strange thing happened. The white runes on 
the foreheads of Orac and Edroman began to glow, and within a few
quick moments, the two knights were victorious, having defeated the
Jesus Gang. 


Edro:
                      Story of Edroman
                      
        Edroman was born an immortal. Son of King Kovan and Queen Samantha,
 he was born strong and proud. For a long time, Edroman did not know of
 his immortal past, because he was raised by two mortals in the town of
 Jolandia. Soon after his 20th birthday, Edroman journeyed to the town
 of Casaria, in seek of the white rune he had heard so much about. Upon
 reaching the town, Edroman was attacked by the Jesus gang, and almost
 immediately driven out. Discouraged, Edroman wandered over to a strange
 tower, where he met a strange man. This man revealed himself to Edroman
 as Javelin, Son of Kovan, and brother. Edroman learned of his great inner
 strength, and with this new knowledge went back to town and met up with
 Orac, a great knight. The two journeyed down into the depths of the dungeon
 and retrieved the white rune, which enveloped them in magical power. 
 Edroman was now a force to be reckoned with. Together, the two men challenged
 the Jesus gang and wrenched the power of the town away. Soon after, Edroman
 journeyed back to his home town Jolandia. No one has heard from him since.


Orac:
    Orac was born near the town of Casaria, and grew up there.  
  Son to a druid by the name of Fastfoot, and a priest by the name of
  Mandeli. Orac grew up strong, and at a very young age decided to become
  a knight. Studying under a great knight by the name of Druss, Orac
  learned how to fight honorably. Orac is known for two things. After
  Javelin first discovered the white rune, the town was over run with
  monsters, and Orac cleared the town of them. Secondly, with the help
  of Edroman, Orac defeated the Jesus gang and gave control of the town
  back to the people. A few days after Orac cleared the town and corrected
  Javelin's mistake, Orac and Javelin clashed in a legendary duel.
  Javelin beat the piss out of Orac, and almost killed him. With Orac
  last few breaths, he found his way to the Elundi monk temple where
  they nutured him, and taught him to be a mystic knight. Now Orac
  is rumored to appear in the town arena from time to time to challenge
  players.
 

Orac_2:

 
        All you can find on that subject is some quote from a member
   of the town.         
        'If it hadn't been for Orac, we would have been doomed!'


Robobop:
                  Story of Robobop 
 
        Robobop was born in a small cottage in a remote valley of 
  Mount Silvermoon, and was raised by a family that put much faith in
  healing. Robobop was born into the Jorad order of the faith, and
  studied since birth his teachings, hoping to one day become a high
  priest. Robobop spent many of his younger days as a cleric fighting
  Stone Giants with his long time friend and druid Mesosaur. Many years
  after Javelin discovered the white rune and went away, Robobop
  decided to buy out most of the shops in the town to make as much
  profit as he could. The only shopkeeper who wouldn't sell was Marduk,
  a sorceror. Now Robobop resides in the town of Casaria as the
  'equipment shop' shopkeeper.


Varant:
                Story of Varant Minassian
 
        Varant Minassian grew up in the large city of Alexandria
near the flagstone corridors, and was born into a wealthy family.
After many years of fighting in the dungeons below Casaria, and
fighting in the swamp, Varant was an level 17 druid, who had
reached the end of his adventuring. Varant had only got the yellow
rune, and did not believe he would be able to get any more, so he
decided to become a scholar. Walking around and talking to people,
Varant compiled a large library of books which tell the story of
this area.


Mesosaur:
        The only references you find to Mesosaur are ones calling him a 
'young druid', or a 'wiseman', and one of them mentions that he now
spends most of his days studying the Silver-Order mage tower. A last 
reference mentions how himself and Robobop are long time friends.


Diodotus:
                Story of Diodotus

        Diodotus was born and raised in Casaria.  For a long time, and
until most recently, the inhabitants of this realm all believed that
the strongest and the best fighters were warriors or knights. Very
few adventurers became Druids, and even less became Mages. However,
Diodotus knew differently.
        When he was but a young child, Diodotus saw his parents slain by
troops commanded by Duke Hagarly, a sworn enemy to the Gotik family. The
Gotik family long since ruled these lands.
        Diodotus was raised in the Gotik family, orphaned by Hagarly's
troops. Most of Gotik's troops were trained knights, and thus Gotik wanted
Diodotus to follow this path as well. However, when he turned fourteen,
Diodotus left the court and journeyed off towards the castle of Hagarly,
out for revenge.
        Diodotus was a weak, untested novice mage at the time; but his
heart was strong and proud. Upon the way to the castle, Diodotus walked by
the great ocean and noticed a strange rock. There were encrypted words
carved into stone on this rock, words that only he could understand. These
words spoke of true inner-power, mental discipline, and ultimately
something called the Karta. Karta is what makes the current day
Silver-Order mages so powerful, for only they know how to control it.
Anyway, after reading these words Diodotus was a changed man. He returned
to Gotik's court and realized that revenge was not the way. He realized
that killing Hagarly would not suffice, that only by learning the true
power of something called the Runestaff would he be able to truly
fulfill his destiny.
        At this time few had ever heard of the runestaff, even fewer knew
what it could do. Some say the Runestaff is the most powerful item known to
man, and only those with a pure heart and disciplind mind could truly
control the staff, or rather, have the staff control them properly.
        Diodotus spent his young years as a scholar, studying his powers
and working on ways to perfect them, until one day when he was asked by
Gotik to head his court. This was a proud day for Diodotus, as it was a
rare honor to even be in his court, none the less head it. However, this
was a position easily served by Diodotus, and he did his job well.
        For many years Diodotus lead Gotik's court as a faithful servant,
until one day when Gotik wanted to wage war against Hagarly, and Diodotus
refused to join. Even though Diodotus detested Hagarly more than anyone,
he believed that war was not the way.


Tower:
                Story of the Silver-Order Mage Tower
 
        Many years after Javelin and Diodotus' travels together, they
built a school called The Silver Order of Mages. Diodotus, Javelin
and a couple of other great mages of the era teach the most promising
and motivated young mages their ideas on sorcery and Karta. Mages from all
over the lands flock to the tower to learn the ways of Karta, and how to
be a sorceror. For a long time Diodotus lead these mages, teaching them
the ways of the Arch.  After Diodotus left the Silver Order to pursue other
goals, Javelin took control of the school.  The mages have been lead ever
since by Javelin, the Arch-Magus.


Runestaff:
                        Story of the Runestaff
                
        The runestaff is that which controls power and harnesses it.
Only those true in heart and pure in mind can use it, all others will die.      
        The origin of the runestaff is unknown. It's earliest documented
sighting was many many years ago, at the Elundi temple. Many believe that
the Elundi created this item, however wiseman know that no mortal could
have forged this magnificent item. Just recently, about 60 years ago
Diodotus found the staff, and began to study it. For many years he kept
the staff a secret until one day when he left his Silver-Order mages and
used it to destroy Hagarly, an evil king who had his parents killed.
After killing Hargly's son no one knows what Diodotus did with the staff,
or where Diodotus himself is. They both disappeared, as their last known
sighting is somwhere near castle Hagarly.




