chaos,4w,e,s,w,s,3e,enter,climb stairs,ask

                       x-E
                       |
                       x
                        \
                         x
                         |
                         x
                         |
           x-x-x-x-x-x   x
           | | | | |    /
           x-x x-x-x-x-x
           | | | | | | |    
           x-x x-x-x-x-x
           | | | | | | |
           x-x x-x-x-x-x
                     |
       x-x-x   d     |
            \  |     |
             x-x   x |            3-u
             | |   | |              |
             x-x-x-4-x            x-x
             | |   | |              |
             u-x   x x            x-S
                    / \
                   x   x
                  /     \
                 1       x



1: Large Wooden Ship
   board ship
   climb cliffs
3: Prince Humperdink
   flip switch, down exit to Albino, pull handle to get back to 3
4: Yellin


                   x-x
                  /   \
                 2     x
                 |      \
                 d       x-d

                 x
                  \
                  enter (fire swamps)

2: mix powder (to B)
   
Fire Swamps

    x-B-x
   /| | |\
  x-x-x-x-x
  | | | | |
  5-x-x-x-x
  | | | | |
  x-x-x-x-x
   \| | |/
    x-E-x

5: dive into sand (wear ring of sand breathing), search sand (Stone Marble)
E: The ship Revenge
   open hatch, kill pirate,unlock door, open door, enter
   k roberts, unlock chest, 
   fore
   turn wheel (to 1)



Florin City Guard    43038
This stern looking guard stands silently at his post. Ordered by the
Prince, he is to watch for any sign of Guilder invasion, alerting the
crown of any possible danger. He looks like he's itching for someone
to start some trouble.

Florin Citizen     25244
This citizen looks like she is about to cry. Her green eyes are watery
and she has dark circles under them as if she hasn't been sleeping
well as of late. Her light brown hair hangs down her back in pretty
braids and she seems to be whispering softly to herself as she wrings
her hands in consternation.

Florin Hag    31462
This ancient woman is withered and bent from age and years of toil.
Her face looks like yellowed parchment and her body, even covered in
its peasant garb, looks like it would blow away in a strong breeze.
Unlike the majority of the citizens in Florin City, she doesn't seem
particularly concerned with the disappearance of the Princess Bride.

Archdean of Florin     96824
This is the high priest of Florin. Very old and more than a little
hard of hearing, this poor man also has a rather obvious speech
impediment. All that aside, he holds the Church's highest rank and
commands respect from all of its citizens. He wears the holy robes and
hat of his order, the garments heavy and ornate. He looks as if he is
not one to trifle with while in a house of God.

Florin Beggar    25647
This poor creature seems to have fallen upon hard times. He wears
ragged clothes of some ill-defined color and vintage. His face is
worn, wrinkled by poor nutrition and hard living. It seems not
everyone lives well under Humperdinck's rule.

Enraged Thief     70122
This grimy little man is clothed in the ragged remnants of soldier
gear. Perhaps he served Lotharon in some long forgotten day, but he is
nothing more than a common thief now. His eyes are glazed over in a
half-mad stare and drool snakes down his stubbled chin from his
partially open mouth.

Brute Squad Member      79930
This hulking man is a member of Humperdinck's Brute Squad. Tasked with
clearing the forest of any would-be assassins before the royal
wedding, this man is indeed a skilled warrior. He wears thick leather
armour, knee-high eelskin boots, a set of metal bracers and wields a
two-handed broadsword that looks capable of cutting you in two.

Florin Merchant      26586
This merchant is busy selling his wares to the public of Florin City.
He is dressed in an oversized white shirt and a slightly worn looking
pair of brown pants. He has an easy smile on his face and he looks at
you appraisingly, wondering if you might be a customer.

Castle Guard
This steely-eyed guard stands silently at his post. Ordered to guard
the castle from invasion at the cost of his own life, he will do
anything to protect the King and Royal Family from harm. He holds a
longsword at his side, looks well armoured and is probably not someone
you want to mess with.

Yellin    87736
This rather diminutive man should not be underestimated. As the Chief
of All Enforcement in Florin City, he holds a great deal of
responsibility and does not take it lightly. He is renown for being
crafty and wise in the ways of politics and war. He has shoulder
length blond hair, is dressed in full royal guard splendor and is
completely loyal to Prince Humperdinck.

Chef    32677
This portly fellow is the official chef of Lotharon's Castle. Tasked
with preparing the daily cuisine for the Royal Family, he is a master
at the art of fine cooking. He wears a white apron over his blue shirt
and trousers. His hair is dark brown and balding on top. He seems to
always wear a happy smile on his face and often whistles as he putters
about the kitchen.

Count Rugen (The Six Fingered Man)    179815
This dangerous-looking man simply oozes evil intent. He wears a red
tunic over a gold shirt and black trousers. His waist is encircled
with a black belt that holds the scabbard of his sword on one side and
a dagger on the other. His long black hair is pulled back into a
ponytail and his eyes are steel gray beneath his thick black brows. He
wears a perpetual smirk within his dark goatee and you notice his most
peculiar trait, his right hand. It has six digits.

Royal Guard    69600
This steely-eyed guard stands silently at his post. Tasked with
guarding the life of King Lotharon, this man is the one of the
castle's elite soldiers. The rigorous training program all royal
guards are put through has left this man more than capable of killing
anyone foolish enough to attack the King. He wears a crisp blue
uniform, a shiny steel helm, and wields a sharp longsword.

King Lotharon     70835
This befuddled old man is the King of Florin. His hearing isn't very
good these days and for that matter, neither is his eyesight.
Nevertheless he has a kind heart and a gentle nature. It's quite
curious how he sired a monster like Prince Humperdinck. His light blue
eyes regard you with mild interest and his wispy white hair hangs down
upon the shoulders of his royal robe from beneath his jeweled crown.

Page     26542
This little fellow is the official page of Lotharon's Castle. His job
is to send and receive messages for the royal family along with other
menial tasks. His starched blue uniform is spotless, his straight
blond hair is perfectly groomed, and his bright blue eyes regard you
with calm indifference. Why not wipe that look right off of his face?
You know you want to.

Servant     35886
This servant looks like he's very busy. He stands with his head bowed,
eyes to the floor as he moves about his chores. He wears a plain, but
clean vest and breeches. He doesn't look like he's more than 15 years
old. His main duty is to keep the castle tidy and neat by picking up
any clutter he finds.

Inigo Montoya      410048
Inigo is a master of the blade, trained in all aspects of
swordfighting. His hair is long and black, reaching his shoulders in
soft waves. His eyes are dark and very expressive, a cunning look to
them as he seems to read your every move. He is dressed in a loose
tan-colored shirt, brown leather pants and vest. His body is lean and
strong, honed by years of practice and experience in the art of
swordplay and the search for revenge. A six-fingered man killed his
father, leaving Inigo a long white scar down each of his cheeks to
remember the occasion by when Inigo was merely a boy. It will take
nothing short of death to stop Inigo's pursuit of this killer.

Fezzik     234710
Fezzik is quite possibly the biggest man you've ever seen. Towering
over seven feet tall and weighing at least 400 pounds, this giant
looks like a mountain! He wears a gray tunic cinched over his blue
trousers and some type of black cloth appears to be hanging out of his
left pocket. While enormous, his face actually looks rather kind. His
eyes sparkle at you over his wide nose and his thick lips are parted
in a friendly smile. He probably means you no harm, but I wouldn't
press your luck if I were you.

Buttercup
The lovely Princess Bride. Buttercup's porcelain skin is radiant in
the afternoon sunlight. Her beautiful blue eyes are hidden by the
white blindfold tied around her head, but you've heard tales that they
are the fairest eyes in all of Florin. Her long silky blonde hair is
pulled into a ponytail and she wears a bright red gown over her lithe
body. You simply cannot allow her to be killed by the evil Sicilian
holding her captive. Do something!

Vizzini
This evil Sicilian is the man responsible for the disappearance of the
Princess Bride. Hired by an unknown source of deceit, Vizzini may not
be particularly strong physically, but you'll find attacking him is
pointless. You must defeat his brains if you wish to rescue Buttercup
and move deeper into the hills beyond the clearing. His beady eyes
regard you with amused malice while he holds his dagger at Buttercup's
throat. He holds two goblets of wine in his other hand. If only you
had some iocane powder to mix in them...

Rodent of unusual size    117382
This humongous rodent is the size of a large dog! Covered in mangy
brown fur, it shuffles along on its four muscular legs, sniffing at
the ground with its large pinkish nose at the end of its snout. Spiky
whiskers protrude from the snout, quivering in the air as it hunts for
food. Not particularly picky in its diet, most anything will suffice.
Including you.

Pirate       68589
This lanky pirate is wearing navy pantaloons and a white baggy-sleeved
shirt. He has a large gold hoop earring in each ear and wears his long
dark hair in a ponytail held by a golden clasp. His brown eyes look
cunning and when he grins at you, a golden tooth sparkles in the
sunlight.

Queen Bella     45851
This gentle natured old woman is the Queen of Florin. She carries
herself gracefully, head held high, blue eyes bright and alert. She
wears a fashionable hat atop her short blond curls and is draped in a
beautiful silk gown. She wears a great deal of jewels to show off her
royal status including a huge wedding ring. Her face is a tad pinched
today, as if she is worried over some matter of family or state.

Prince Humperdinck    181772
This evil man looks upon you with impervious disdain. The leader of
Florin in all but title, the Prince has ruled Florin with an iron fist
since the feebleness of old age first touched King Lotharon a decade
ago. Dressed in a golden shirt and trousers cinched with a black belt,
he carries himself with regal grace, but with a complete lack of
compassion for his fellow man. He has one interest and one interest
only. Power.

Archer      54724
This eagle-eyed guard is tasked with protecting Lotharon's castle from
above with his trusty longbow. His long brown hair is pulled back into
a ponytail, his nose, sharp, hawk-like in the middle of his gaunt
face. He wears a long blue tunic over black trousers and he doesn't
look interested in small talk.

Albino    33358
This pudgy little man is dressed in plain brown robes and his skin is
pasty white. Not a bit of pigmentation to be seen anywhere. His pale
eyes look upon you with grim amusement and his thick, snout-like nose
twitches now and then as he goes about his daily business. His lanky
hair is shoulder-length and pale blond. He also has groups of oozing
sores around the corners of his mouth. He looks mildly interested in
the fact you made it down to his workplace alive. Maybe you should
talk to him a bit.

Pierre the Pirate   65518
This thin bald-headed man is Roberts' second-in-command aboard the
ship Revenge. His droopy black mustache covers most of his thick lips
and he wears a patch over his right eye. Dangling gold hoop earrings
decorate both of his earlobes and several golden chains are draped
over his neck. He wears a black and white striped shirt over his
stringy muscles and it's belted over the waist of his baggy black
trousers. His one good eye looks you over with intelligent curiosity.

The Dread Pirate Roberts     660647
This rakishly handsome fellow is none other than the most feared
pirate in all of Florin. His body is lean and muscled. He's clothed in
solid black from head to toe. Shiny black boots, thin black trousers
and shirt, cinched at the waist with a black cloth belt. Over his eyes
he wears a black mask, hiding the upper part of his face, showing only
the bottom of his nose, his strong chin, thin mustache, and slightly
smiling lips. He looks pleasant enough in demeanor, but something in
the blue eyes staring out from beneath the mask tells you he is
absolutely lethal in combat.






Florin Longsword
This longsword looks sharp enough to do some
damage to the unprepared. Its handle is made
of polished silver and it bears the Florin City
seal engraved along the lower portion of the blade.

Archdean Hat
This rather funny looking hat is pointed at the
top and stands about 18 inches high. It is cream-
colored and has gold piping in the shape of a
cross along the front.

Robes of the Archdean
These ornate robes belong to the esteemed Archdean
of Florin. Floor length and beaded, they seem rather
heavy, but also look like they'd provide adequate
protection or fetch a fair price from shopkeepers.

Brute Squad Boots
These knee-high black boots are made of thick
leather, reinforced with iron in the toe and
heel. They were made for the combat intensive
needs of Florin's Brute Squad members. They
provide excellent protection and bear the seal
of Florin on the outside of each boot.

Brute Squad Bracers
These dull colored metal bracers fit over the
hands and forearms and look like they'd provide
excellent protection. Rounded studs stand out
from their surface to help protect the wearer
from an opponent's blows and the seal of Florin
is engraved into the underside of each, marking
the wearer as a loyal subject of Prince Humperdinck.

A rutabaga
This pale yellow root looks like you could eat it!

Castle Guard's Helm
This helmet is made of steel, beaten into a
rounded shape with a visor along the front.
It looks like it would provide good protection
against anything sharp or blunt that attempted
to do its wearer any harm. It has the blue and
red crest of Florin emblazoned along both sides.

Yellin's Key
This shiny golden key is typically worn around
the neck of Yellin, Chief of All Enforcement of
Florin City. It is his most prized possession
and is not easily won from the crafty warrior.

Rugen's Dagger
This dagger is made of shiny steel honed to a razor-sharp
point on the end. The handle is made of polished bone and
and seems a bit longer than the typical grip for a dagger.
An inscription runs across the blade's length, engraved in
gold script. It reads, 'To the neverending pursuit of pain.'

Lotharon's Crown
This jeweled crown of gold belongs to King Lotharon
of Florin. Set within the crown are beautiful diamonds,
rubies, and sapphires. This crown has been worn by
generations of Kings and must be worth a fortune. What
is a miserable peasant like you doing with it?

Lotharon's Scepter
This golden scepter is the royal symbol of the realm
of Florin. Typically held by the realm's King Lotharon,
it is heavy, ornate and encrusted in jewels. It looks
like it'd hurt if someone walloped you in the head with
it.

Iocane powder
This little packet contains one of the most deadly
poisons known to man. It is odorless and tasteless.
In its current state, you cannot eat or drink the
powder. However given the right circumstances, you
might be able to mix it with a glass or two of wine.

Six-Fingered Sword (enchanted)
This magnificent blade of steel was painstakingly crafted
by the master sword maker, Domingo Montoya. The blade itself
is honed to razor precision. The guard and pommel are solid
gold. The guard is fashioned into a swirling design that
dazzles an opponent with its glitter while protecting the
wielder's hand with its strength. The handle is polished
ivory, a bit longer than a typical handle as it was originally
made for a six-fingered man. Domingo gave his life for this
sword. Use it well.

Holocaust Cloak
This huge inky black cloak looks like it was made for an
absolute giant. It must be at least seven feet long. It
is meant to be worn as protection over one's body and is
specially designed to fend off attacks of fire and ice.
It's so large it probably wouldn't fit any but the greatest
of warriors.

Pirate sword
This sword shines in the light, its blade honed
sharp and true. Its hilt is made of fine ivory
and its guard is encrusted with emeralds. Formerly
wielded by a pirate, its original owner is unknown,
but it would likely fetch a fair price in town.

Bottle of wine
This is a dark green bottle of one of Florin's rarest wines.

Gaudy ring
This ring sports an absolutely humongous diamond with
dozens of rubies and sapphires surrounding it. This is
the royal wedding band of Florin and belongs to Queen
Bella. It looks very expensive and you'd better hope
Prince Humperdinck doesn't catch you wearing his mom's
precious ring.

Eelskin Boots
These slick eelskin boots are finely crafted,
made from the hides of the dreaded shrieking
eels of Florin. Light green in color and very
lightweight for the protection they provide,
they're ideal for any warrior or wanderer in
need of good footwear. They cover the wearer
from toe to knee and just below the knee on
back of each is the stamped mark of the Florin
seal.

Silver skeleton key
This shiny silver key is about four inches long
and very thin. It doesn't have a single scratch
on it, as if it was rarely if ever used. Maybe
it opens up something special?

Death's Head Key
This cold iron key chills you to the bone just
looking at it. Shaped like a spine ending in a
grinning skull, it's almost like holding a mini
human skeleton in your palm. The end of the spine
has been notched to form a key which fits a door
only the bravest, or most foolish, would dare enter.

Dread Pirate Mask
This black mask is made of soft cloth and fine leather.
It's made to cover both the head and the upper part of
the face, but thin enough not to prohibit wearing a helmet
over it for extra protection. Covering its wearer from the
end of the nose up, it completely hides their identity.
Originally worn by the Dread Pirate Roberts, anyone that
wears it will be thought to be this very pirate arisen
from the dead.

Dread Pirate Armour
This platemail is constructed of hammered steel and fine
Corinthian black leather. Made by the most skilled craftsman
in Florin, it was commissioned for the crew of the pirate ship
Revenge by the captain himself, the Dread Pirate Roberts. It
is heavy and a little bulky, no doubt the result of the steel
within the beautiful leather outer shell. It feels like it would
provide excellent protection for any would-be pirate.

Platinum Ring of Sand Breathing
This curious little ring of platinum has engraving all
around the inside of the band. It's written in a language
completely foreign to you, but it seems magical in nature
somehow. It doesn't give the impression of being particularly
effective as protection, but it does seem to glow with some
hidden power.


.