magic,portal,7w,9s,board

    fore   <----             ---->   aft

    Fore     -         Central   -       Aft   -> stairs -> Wheeldeck
    Deck                Deck             Deck
               
-> climb chain      -> climb rope        -> largedoor (back to aftdeck)
                    u, crow's nest       -> battereddoor (crew's quarters)
      |                                  -> polisheddoor (galley)
     down                                -> carveddoor (captain's quarters)
     
    The Hold     -      Engineering
                        

go to captain's quarters, search pillows, get key, unlock chest, get helmet
go to engineering, search dew, search kindling, get suit
go to foredeck, wear suit and helmet, climb chain, jump into the water, clear seaweed
Seaweed Marble
climb chain to get back into the boat


Valtiggnen the Helmsman   3026
Valtiggnen is the ship's helmsman, and he is renowned amongst the
sailors of fantasy as a bold and cunning navigator.  He's quite
small for a legend, but the steely look in his eyes tells you he
has seen things and lived to tell the tale.

Captain Killisyn Thistlebeard   15710
The living legend, Captain Killisyn Thistlebeard stands before
you.  His reputation as a fearless and redoubtable explorer is
legendary throughout the realm.  The gnome himself carries
himself with an air of calm composure, and he smiles at you
expectantly, clearly waiting for you to speak.

Jeggrom the Cook   6315
Jeggrom is the chef for the galleon.  He spends his days and
nights cooking for the stalwart crew, and he couldn't be happier
doing so.  His ample girth displays his love for food, and he
hums a tune merrily as he tends his latest work.

Yulli the Ship's Bosun    7755
Yulli is the bosun for the ship.  He stands here overseeing the
other crewmembers and making sure none of them take any
unscheduled shore leave.

Sevnifflin the Lookout    2859
Sevnifflin, the ship's lookout, is possibly the tiniest gnome you
have ever seen.  He barely reaches two feet in height, and were
it not for the enormous nose protruding from his craggy face,
you'd be inclined to think him from some other race.  He looks
at you curiously, obviously wondering what you're doing all the
way up here.

Billitin the Storeman   6534
Billitin is the storeman for the galleon and is here overseeing
the loading of the provisions.  He strolls around fretfully,
barking warnings to the crew, and plucks at his ample beard
somewhat nervously.

Flindellus the Sailor   7963
Flindellus is a fairly large gnome, and he stands here moving
crates onto the platform to be lowered into the hold.  He seems
quite wrapped up in his work and totally ignores you.

Valtagen the Engineer   6587
Valtagen is the genius behind the realm's first and only steam
driven galleon.  He stands proudly in front of his creation,
throwing levers, twiddling gauges and fidgetting with the
engine. He pauses occasionally to record details of his
tinkerings, along with ideas on how to improve it.





A Curious Diving Helmet (worn on head)
This bizarre helmet consists of a round bronze dome with
a round glass plate covering the face.  It has a small
tube running down both sides of it serving some unknown
purpose.

A Whaleskin Suit (worn)
This strange suit is comprised entirely from whaleskin and
a collection of oils and whale fat that has been rubbed into
it to make it water-tight.  It's also quite warm, and would
be ideal to wear if you ever found yourself underwater.

A small gold key
A small golden key. It's made of some kind of light metal, and is
shaped like a cross with teeth on both sides of the shaft.  These
gnomes even make their keys well.

Captain's Sextant
This device consists of a small spyglass attached to
an arc of metal engraved with odd symbols.  Apparently
it can aid in navigation somehow.

A Polished Spyglass
A metal inlaid spyglass. Sailors normally use these to
spy oncoming ships or obstacles.

A Curious Widget
A strange device. You couldn't even begin to know what
this strange item is used for. It's a metal tube of some
sort with several notches carved into it.



