chaos,w,2n,sip cup

    1       2
    |       |
    3-u     x-d
    | |     | |
    x-E     x 4


1: search dryer - response suspicious
2: Silas
3: Mom
4: Dad

Toy Monster    17014
A monster that has arisen from the immense disaster area of toys that
cover the floor. Comprised of blocks, cars, trucks, and plush animals.
He looks surprisingly unthreatening, but it would probably be a
mistake to assume such a thing.

Mom  -  unkillable
The mother to Silas, our little toddler in this house, she is about 5
foot 7 inches tall, with a medium brown hair cut to shoulder length,
blue eyes, and an athletic build. She must have snapped right back
into shape after Silas' birth.

Dirty Clothes Monster   17776
The piles of laundry from the household have built themselves into a
semi-consious walking monster of dirty, disgusting clothes. Its smell
is pretty intense.

Crayon Drawing Monster   16405
From the many scribbled drawings that Silas has made around the house,
this monster has arisen. It is a rainbow mess of wax, walking around
independently.

Diaper Pail Monster    19118
A disgusting monster of stinky proportions. It is a large diaper pail,
filled to the brim with Silas' dirty diapers. The smell is enough to
knock you back a few paces. He wields a diaper full of excrement.

Dad (sitting on the toilet)  -  unkillable
The father of Silas is tall and lanky, kind of a nerdy looking fellow.
You have to wonder how he even managed to get a woman to date him, let
alone get her pregnant.

Silas  -  unkillable
Silas is a pudgy faced, 15 month old boy. He has learned to walk
recently, and makes his way around the room. Despite his innocent
appearance, his devilish grin tells you there may be more evil inside
him than there appears.




Wooden Alphabet Block
A carved wooden block, with a block letter 'A'. It
is painted brightly, and looks to be part of a set.

A Dirty Diaper
A disgusting dirty diaper. It reeks of Silas' offal. This weapon can
be handy because no one wants to be hit with a face full of S#$t.





