magic, wforest, 3e,n,path



    u-x       P
       \       \
        x       x-x
                |
          7 2 x-x-5
          | |   |
        6 x-x-x-x-4
         \  | | |
        1-x-x 3 x
          | |  / \
          x x A   B

1: search shelves - Dragontooth pipe
2: search shelves - Tattered Page
3: search pantry - Hobbit cake
4: The Sleeping Dragon Pub
5: search bookshelf - Tattered Page
6: chant secret - Black Skeleton Key
7: turn sconce - Hidden Tunnel
u: snatch gem - Spinel Marble
A: search tools - logs you out - old anti-cheat code
B: search wall - pull latch - tool shed
   search tools - you grab a shovel from the tools (Crystals of Ao qitem)

Twyla Brookenbill   16940
This loving hobbit is the wife of Melmo and mother to Delbo. She wears
a light summer frock over her two foot frame and smiles sweetly as she
whistles a tune to herself.

Melmo Brookenbill   17981
This good natured hobbit is typical of his kind, affable, easy going
and rarely in a hurry to do much of anything. His pudgy cheeks
surround a short, stubby pipe jutting from his mouth which exhales
big, fluffy plumes of smoke every so often.

Delbo Brookenbill   11701
This rambunctious little hobbit is the son of Melmo and Twyla
Brookenbill. Always wanting to run and play, Delbo is often found
wandering somewhere around Tookwich, getting himself into trouble and
causing mischief.

Happilot Wishwell    20967
This grinning hobbit has long red sideburns and a bushy mustache that
droops below his chin. He wears a floppy green hat over his messy red
curls and doesn't stand more than three feet tall.

Yeddo Pondwander 16670
This solemn hobbit isn't as happy as most of his neighbors. A widower
for more than 10 years now, he has never gotten over the loss of his
beloved wife, Fifa. His moist eyes look at you from beneath his frizzy
black hair as he attempts a small smile.

Doogle Fyremik - unkillable
This red-faced hobbit is the manager and sole proprietor of the
Sleeping Dragon Pub. Spending most of his days and nights in the pub,
Doogle doesn't get out much. He does love to hear locals and visitors
alike spin their tales of adventure while they enjoy a good meal and
drink in his fine establishment. He is a rather portly hobbit and
wears a worn, though clean-looking apron over his red shirt and brown
trousers.

Janbee Leafwind    18549
Like his twin brother Dangee, this hobbit is a good foot taller than
most of his kind. Standing over four feet tall, he has curly blond
hair and green eyes. You suspect he might have some human or elf blood
in his lineage somewhere as his features differ slightly from the
other hobbits in Tookwich.

Dangee Leafwind   21316
This strapping young hobbit is a good foot taller than most of his
kind. Standing over four feet tall, he has curly blond hair and green
eyes. You wonder if he might not have some human or elf blood in his
lineage somewhere, as his features differ slightly from the other
hobbits in Tookwich.

Pyma Wagglerun   101510
This giggling hobbit is the wife of Jumpa Wagglerun. Always amused
with her husband's quick wit, she's the perfect match for her jokester
companion. She wears her soft brown hair up in a bun and is dressed in
a short green shift.

Jumpa Wagglerun   18543
This plump little hobbit makes up for his small stature with his
enormous girth. Never one to pass up a meal, Jumpa is also the life of
any dinner party with his sharp wit and easy smile.

Synda Wagglerun   9955
This sweet old hobbit is the mother of Jumpa and the wife of Wumda
Wagglerun. Gray haired and hunched over, she isn't more than two feet
tall, but still radiates a warmth that makes you smile as you look at
her.

Wumda Wagglerun   21907
One of the oldest hobbits in Tookwich, Wumda has seen many things come
and go over the years. He's watched his son, Jumpa, grow up and get
married. He's watched some sad events as well. Perhaps you could learn
a thing or two about hobbit history if you sat and listened to him for
a bit.

Mayor Bowbil Took    42249
This is the mayor of Tookwich. His family founded this town many years
ago and he proudly carries on the traditions set by his ancestors. A
handsome hobbit, he wears a thick gray tunic and cloak over his stout
frame. His round cheeks glow with health and he offers a warm smile at
your approach.

Qulp Twiggirt   29209
This portly hobbit runs the local pipe shop. He wears a thick brown
tunic and matching pants with a black apron over them. He's friendly
enough to most, but if you're not a hobbit, don't expect to do
business with him. Seems Qulp has been burned by outsiders before. Too
bad. Word is, he makes a great pipe.

Glasla Gondolot   15565
This pretty young hobbit has golden hair and a delicate face. She
smiles demurely as you look at her, obviously aware of the effect she
has on most folk around here.

Lylah Hoppinstop   13815
This fluffy haired little hobbit has one of the largest noses you've
ever seen and when she grins you notice she's lost more than a few of
her stubby little teeth. She may not be pretty, but from the smell of
the pot she's boiling, you're guessing she can cook.

Orc Thief   17567
This hideous orc is green skinned and hunched over with arms extending
down to his knees. His scaly hands end in ragged claws and he wears
nothing but a loincloth over his muscular body.




Sunslicer
This shining shortsword is about twenty inches
long and looks razor sharp. It has a jeweled
handle and a wicked looking pointed blade. The
handle is encrusted in emeralds in the shape of
a flaming sun and a cluster of blood red spinels
decorates one end in the shape of a spider.

dragontooth pipe
This pipe is carved from the tooth of a dragon. Long
and narrow, it curves slightly upward at the end into
a round bowl for the tobacco. The most extraordinary
thing about this pipe is that it never appears to run
out of tobacco. No matter how much you smoke it, you
always have more!

Tattered Page
This old tattered page looks like it was torn
out of some ancient book. It's yellowed and
wrinkled, but it still looks legible. It reads,
'For he that holdeth both pages of majick shall
call forth the key to riches. <Chant secret> and
summon thy fortune.'

hobbit cake
This is a scrumptious-looking seed cake made by
hobbits. Light and moist, it is made from poppy
seeds and a secret blend of flour.

Black Skeleton Key
This thick black metal key is about six inches long
and looks like it might open a large door.

A spinel gem
This glittering red spinel dazzles the eye and looks absolutely priceless.
You've never seen another gem to equal it.

magic shovel
This magic shovel glows softly with an inner
luminance. It looks a little smaller than an
an ordinary garden shovel and doesn't look to
be hobbit-made. It has a pointed spade on the
end and the handle is made from some unknown
metal with an inscription that reads 'Nomlo
Leafwind, heed the call'.

.