chaos,2s,e

        x-x
        | |
      x-x-x-x-x
        | | |
        x x x
        | | |
      x-x-x-x-x
          |
        E-x


An Inflatable Shamu    374
This inflatable is about 5 feet long and filled with air, suprisingly enough.
He has two handles sticking out of the top of his head, which are used for
undisclosed purposes. He also has a taste for undisclosed porpoises.

A Rubber Ducky     1635
This large rubber ducky is yellow, as they are, and plastic, which,
strangely, they also often are.  He might well squeak if you hit him -
why not give it a try? By the way...don't be fooled by the blank
expression on his face - this ducky is a fully-paid-up member of MENSA.

Leonardo    4157
Leonardo is the funniest of the bunch.  Doesn't say a lot, does it?

Donatello    5514
Donatello is the smartest of the four.  Scary isn't it?

Raphael    8108
Raphael is the master of disguise. Cunning, isn't he?

Michaelangelo    6027
Michaelangelo is the party dude!

Splinter     4971

Winnie The Pooh    1226
This is a cute and fuzzy Winnie the Pooh bear sitting on a beanbag.

Small Boy    183
This small boy is dressed as an Indian, and wields a fearsome looking plastic
bow and arrow set.  Bet you're really scared.

An Ugly Sister      92
This step-sister is almost as ugly as yours.

Walt Disney     149
Large, nasty and armed to the teeth.
Actually I'm lying - it's Walt Disney, a fat, elderly, mustachioed man
with slicked-back hair and a serious bank balance.

Ken    733
Ken is tall, tanned and plastic.
He looks like he could really use a good kicking.

Barbie   734
A pale, anorexic blonde. Apparently it's every girl's dream to grow
up like her. Strange.

A Model Tank     349
This is a plastic, clockwork tank.  You cant distinguish what KIND of tank it's supposed to be,  the detail
isn't that precise. However,  you can see that it's attacking you and would be better off destroyed.

Black Power Ranger     183
He wears a black lycra catsuit and a black motorcycle helmet.
Apparently this makes him popular, especially with men who put on women's
clothing and hang around in bars.

Yellow Power Ranger    176
She wears a yellow lycra catsuit and a yellow motorcycle helmet.
Apparently this makes her popular.

Pink Power Ranger     175
She wears a pink lycra catsuit and a pink motorcycle helmet.
Apparently this makes her popular.

Nerdy Boy    2993
The small boy is wearing thick black plastic rimmed glasses and a plaid
jumper. He pays no attention to you what-so-ever and is staring at the
Jenga pieces intently.

Action Man    6730
He's about 9 inches tall, but built like a brick privy.
Maybe you should consider running away!




A Blank Expression
A blank expression from the face of a dead rubber ducky.
Ever heard of suspension of disbelief?

Some green nunchuks
You know - those sticks on a chain. Exceptionally scary in the right hands.
Obviously that doesn't include you.

A turtle-sized staff
A large lump of shaped tree, used for bashing people.
Once belonged to an ugly green sewer-dweller.

A razor-sharp Turtle katana
Metal sharp thing. Used for causing damage to the rear end of unsuspecting
cartoon villians.  Once belonged to an ugly green sewer-dweller.

A weird fork-shaped turtle weapon
A tri-pronged rat-sticker, very useful in its natural habitat.
Once belonged to an ugly green sewer-dweller.

A Red Woolen Jumper
This garment until lately adorned the body of a small, fat bear by the
name of Winnie T. Pooh.  He's dead now tho' :)

A Plastic Bow and Arrow set
This bow and arrow set is made of plastic and fires a wooden arrow with
a rubber suction cup on the end at its target.  Why don't you try it?
Just 'shoot <target>'.

A Power Rangers Backpack.
A small cheap Power Rangers backpack.

'JUST SAY NO' Power Rangers Pin.
It's round and shiny with a sharp pin on the back. Strange that!

A Pink Power Ranger Lunchbox
Its a plastic lunchbox with the Power Rangers painted on the front. There
is a small plastic clasp on the top to hold it shut.

A Power Rangers Bath Set
This is a small plastic bag with all of the Power Rangers pictured on
the side. It contains a Power Rangers toothbrush, soap, and facecloth.
There is a zipper on the top but it is jammed shut.

A Small Pair of Rollerskates
These are a childrens pair of Power Ranger Rollerskates. There is a coloured
set for each of the Power Rangers - kinda sad isn't it??

A tiny silver pistol
This gun is far too small to be of any use to you in combat.  However it
DOES seem to be made of silver, so may serve some purpose.






