chaos,4w,enter void

will
light
Metatron, archangel of Keter
doorway
onward
Ratziel, archangel of Chockmah
doorway
onward
Tzaphkiel, archangel of Binah
doorway
onward
Tzadkiel, archangel of Chesed
doorway
onward
Khamael, archangel of Geburah
doorway
onward
Raphael, archangel of Tipharet
doorway
onward
Haniel, archangel of Netzach
doorway
onward
Michael, archangel of Hod
doorway
onward
Gabriel, archangel of Yesod
doorway
onward
Sandalphon, archangel of Malkuth
doorway
leave




Sandalphon, archangel of Malkuth    44079
This is the archangel of Malkuth.  He is dressed in
earth tones, and looks at you wisely.  He is a master
over the material plane.

Gabriel, archangel of Yesod     20897
This is the archangel of Yesod.  He stands here in
shimmering violet robes with glyphs of the moon on them.
Mastery over Will is his art.

Michael, archangel of Hod     25717
This is the archangel of Hod.  The sword arm of YHVH,
his orange robes shimmer with primal air.  Magick is his
mastery.

Haniel, archangel of Netzach    26260
This is the archangel of Netzach.  She stands here with
emotion on her face.  Divine love is hers to offer.

Raphael, archangel of Tipharet     31395
This is the archangel of Tipharet.  He is vested
in the golden garments of the sun.  Realization of
eternity is his gift to the seeker.

Khamael, archangel of Geburah     35214
This is the Archangel of Geburah.  Archetypal fire surrounds
his form.  He stands representative of just war and deals
closely with the angrier god forms.

Tzadkiel, archangel of Chesed     34095
This is the Archangel of Chesed.  Archetypal water surrounds
his form.  He stands representative of the proper use of
mercy, and is linked closely to the milder god forms.

Tzaphkiel, archangel of Binah    42609
This is the Archangel of Binah.  The black of understanding
coats him.  His gift is the knowledge of all things, and all
places.

Ratziel, archangel of Chockmah     42949
This is the Archangel of Chockmah.  The gray wisdom of
eternity is his cloak.  While Tzaphkiel has understanding
of all things, Ratziel has the wisdom of all time.

Metatron, archangel of Keter    60525
This is the Archangel of Keter, greatest of the arch-
angels.  He wears armour of the purest white and usually
wields a sword of great power.  He is a mighty opponent indeed.



Boots of the Spirit
These boots are colored the emerald green of netzach.
Love is the key to this sephiroth, and only by loving
your enemy can you truly understand and defeat them.

Cloak of the Spirit
This cloak is infused with the sun-yellow power of Tipharet.
To obtain it, one must be in mastery of the lower five
Sephiroth on the Tree of Life.

Gloves of the Spirit
These gloves burn red with the fiery nature of Geburah.
To obtain them, one must temper their passive nature
with the active fire of will.  Only then, can the
severity necessary for overcoming problems be mastered.

Helmet of the Spirit
This helmet is the pale blue color of Chesed.  It
requires mercy to receive, as showing mercy is often
a sign of strength.

Armour of the Spirit
This armour is the slate gray color of Chokmah.  Only
one who has the wisdom to comprehend the sacred truths can
hope to benefit from this well crafted gift.

Sword of Spirit (enchanted)
This double edged sword is forged of some other-wordly
material.  Its blade glimmers with the power of the
universe.  The sword is said to be the weapon of the
Metatron, archangel of Keter, pinnacle of the Tree of
Life.  Only one who is wise in the ways of the spirit
will reap the benefits of this great weapon.



