sci,enter,2u,board shuttle,exit,4w,2d,e,s,enter pod,beam 

beam, enter shuttle, touch engage, wait, out
press button, turbolift, 
say engineering, bridge, holodeck, sickbay, etc

engineering - search *Dilithium Marble*

sickbay - 

main bridge - x-T-x

battle bridge -

holodeck - 2 decks

ten forward

shuttle bay


Lt. Commander Geordi LaForge   732
This is Geordi LaForge.  He was born without
pupils and as such must wear a special visor
to allow him to see.  Other than that, he is
kinda limited in interest.

Lt. Commander Data    7321
This is the android, Data.  His positronic brain was the
result of a now-dead cybernetics authority some would call mad.
His work, however, has culminated in the formation of the most
complex and unique form of artificial intelligence ever created.
He made Data.

A Bitch   733
Actually it's Dr. Beverly Crusher, but
the other name pretty much sums it up.

a Starfleet ensign    88
One of the multitudes of ensigns you find aboard any
Starfleet vessel.  These people are the 'fall guys'
for most disasters that a starship encounters.  Luckily
there is an endless supply of these people.

Commander William Riker   2858
This is Will Riker, the first officer on board the
U.S.S. Enterprise.  If anyone needed a hormone reduction
it would be this guy.  His great zeal for life (and women)
make him one of the most colorful people on board.

Lieutenant Worf   4477
Worf is the first (and presently only) Klingon to
ever serve in Starfleet.  Not one to be a pansy
though, he is always willing to enter a fight either
for money or honor or anything else he fancies.

Captain Jean Luc Picard   759
The legendary captain of the Enterprise NCC1701-D.
He tends to overact at times but all-in-all,
tends to be a cool guy.  The man tends to make
the most wonderful speeches, except that is, when
it regards hair growth.

Ensign Wesley Crusher   34
It's Wesley Crusher, better known as the Nerd!
Kill him!  Kill him!  Kill the nerd NOW!

Guinan (listens)   374
This is Guinan, a weird chick from a distant
world.  She tends to give her opinion even if
not asked.



a Starfleet com badge
This badge is a small icon made mostly of
gold and platinum.  The Starfleet insignia is
easily recognizable as the shape it takes.
Com badges are used to lock transporter beams
onto their wearers.  To try it, tap it gently.

A phaser
A weapon used by many Starfleet officers.

energy cell (glowing)
A small rectangular cartridge made of a synthetic polymer.
The item has a small window on one side which shows a small
glowing compartment inside of the cell.  On the side of
the cartridge is a small digital readout showing : 100
These cells are to be used in conjunction with phasers.
To load one, type 'insert cell'

Starfleet uniform
A sturdy uniform worn by all Starfleet members.
The material is strong and seems in very good shape.

a visor
A strange futuristic visor.  If you ask me, it
looks like a banana clip that was painted silver.

A Dilithium Crystal
This is a small sphere of polished dilithium. It's what
makes the Enterprise go. Why it was on the floor, you
don't know. Looks like they're getting sloppy around here
in Engineering.

a tricorder
Right, like you're going to figure
out how this thing works.

A phaser rifle
A powerful weapon used by many Starfleet away teams.

a warrior's bandolier
A strap of chain-linked metal formed into a
band of silver steel.  It is the mark of a
true Klingon warrior.

hormones
A vial of hormones.  They might come in handy if
you were to drink them.

weird hat
A weird hat, it looks like you could fry
eggs or grill up a steak on this thing.



