Veggie Garden [Tuesdai]
Dirs: Chaos, 3e, s, w


    4-x x-x   3
    | | | |  /
    x x x x 2
    | | | | |
    1 x x x x
    | | | | |
    x x x x x
    | | | | |
    x x-x x-x
   /
  E


E: Entrance/Exit
1: pull weeds - Bennebroek Manor [Tulip] 1qp
2: Search heap
3: Search plank
4: enter - Freaky Fruit Orchard [Tuesdai]


Frenzied Farmer    23617
Once, he was admired by many for growing such large, delicious
vegetables.  But after years of smoking the fertilizer meant for his
crops, he's gone quite insane.  Thinking he could outdo nature, he
developed a system to increase the size of his crops by 30%.  But
something went wrong, and his vegetables grew upwards of 1,000%
larger, and they became angry because they were no longer getting the
love and care they needed.  His overalls are stained beyond reproach
and his once white shirt is deep yellow and brown.  An almost
unrecognizable straw hat is perched on the back of his head and a pipe
with a strange odor emitting from it is clenched in his half rotted
teeth.  His dark gray eyes are sunk far back into his skull and his
blonde hair lays matted and greasy under his hat.  His skin is lobster
red and leathery and his fingernails are long and yellow.  He's not a
man that looks kindly on people dropping by either, so better be
careful!

Carnivorous Corn   19063
Once delicious, this yellow corn now has an appetite all its own. The
corn cobs are half rotten and the kernels ooze yellow pulp down the
stalks.  The stalk leaves look as if they were reaching out trying to
grab anything that walks by to have for its dinner.

Rabid Radish   7488
A small purplish white root.  Big green leaves cover its head.  On one
side of the radish, it is clear that something has taken a big bite
out of it.  The smell of radish fills the air.

Tumultuous Tomato   23750
A large red tomato.  Half of it rotten, with a bunch of seeds oozing
out along with tomato pulp.  A small swarm of flies buzz relentlessly
around it.  It is hard to tell whether the flies are eating it, or
it's eating the flies.

Cruel Cabbage   8162
Usually great for boiling, you would have a hard time finding a pot
big enough to cook this cabbage.  With the way the cabbage leaves are
flapping, it looks like a giant mouth ready to eat you. All you can do
is hold your nose from that rank cabbage smell and hope you get away
in time!

Peculiar Potato   8733
A hearty potato with thin brown dusty skin and small eyes covering its
entire body.  Some of the eyes have roots coming from them.  A
distinct potato smell surrounds it and a whitish pus oozes from where
some of the potato skin has come off.

Crazy Carrot   9571
A large orange carrot comes flying right at you, its leafy green top
shaking frantically in your direction.  It bounces around on the
ground on its tip.  Orange juice oozes from around the top.

Loopy Lettuce   18404
A VERY large head of lettuce.  Through the farmer's strange
experimentation, its size has been increased by 900%, making it
roughly the same size as a compact car.  Around the edges of its
leaves, there is brown ooze indicating the beginnings of rot.  This is
one angry vegetable due to years of careless farming.  Since the
farmer took to smoking all the fertilizer the crops have gone hungry,
only getting food from people that have the unfortunate fate of
getting lost in the garden.



Corn Husk Armor
A yellowing, dry piece of corn husk once encased a delicious cob of
corn.

Cruel Cabbage Shield
A rotted piece of cabbage leaf.  The edges are brown and slimy, but if
it's good enough for a cabbage, it's good enough for a human.

Crazy Carrot Top
Green leaves sit on top of the carrot.  The carrot used this as
protection.

Demented Farmer Pipe
A solidly made corn cob pipe.  The farmer prizes this item even above
his once beloved vegetables.  Inside the pipe is the strange
fertilizer that he created and then began to smoke.  It can only be
imagined, what it does.

