

top shelf      mid shelf      bottom shelf     

  x-x-1        d-x-x          u-E-x
  | | |        | | |          | | |
  x-x-x        x-x-2          x-x-x
  | | |        | | |          | | |
  d-3-x        u-x-x          x-x-x


E: exit (leave)
1: search leftovers - Peach marble
2: Kiwi-Pult
3: kill lightbulb, enter socket

Mobs:
Left over chinese food    24703
The poor slimy mess are leftovers from a dinner someone ate a long,
long time ago. You didn't think it was possible to feel sorry for food
before, but now you realize it really is.

An empty egg carton   21872
This is an empty egg carton with room for twelve eggs. It is open and
on the top you see two small eyes. It seems like it is able to talk as
well, which makes you wonder if there is anything in the world that
isn't possible these days. It looks like an evil egg carton.

An egg   8056
A small, boiled egg. It looks scared as it watches you carefully,
hoping that you won't eat it.

An Apple Sergeant    18216
A uniformed apple, marching around the room. You notice it's a male
apple, as he marches around the room trying to look very important. He
looks amicably at you and returns your look with a smile.

A bottle of ketchup   19485
A huge bottle of ketchup stares down on you. She looks very angry, and
she looks like she will spurt ketchup on you any second. You better
run, or you might get ketchupified!

Some old potato salad   21901
On the ground you see this pile of old potato salad. It crawls around
smelling bad enough to make you want to run away, far away from this
weird refrigerator.

A large box of raisins

Admiral Banana   20773
This is a majestic-looking banana who just stands here, trying to look
important or something. He wears the marks of an admiral on his
uniform, and he constantly whistles silently as he watches the battle
in progress in this chilly battlefield.

A bottle of milk   17657
Right in front of you is a large bottle of milk. At the side of the
bottle you see a large evil-looking face gazing at you and you don't
know how, but this bottle of milk actually scares you!

An Orange minesweeper    18630
You are looking at a large orange with his eyes covered by a large
band of cloth, which makes him unable to see anything. You realize
this is the fruit army's elite minesweeper.

A kamikaze kiwi, sitting in the kiwi-pult    25793
This insane kiwi has given his life for the war. As you look at him
you notice that he is armed to his teeth with... kiwi. You better run
before someone gets hurt.

A stick of butter    24611
The first thing you notice when you look at this long butteroid is the
effort with which it tries to look like a police officer. Wandering
around the empty room it yells at the imagined mass of people to
circulate.

A can of coca-cola   25395
At first, this looks like a ordinary can of coke. But when you examine
it closer, you see the sharp aluminium teeth on the top. Maybe staying
too close to it would be dangerous for your health.

The lightbulb    27958
This is the lightsource of the refrigerator. It seems to be an evil
one too! It shimmers with an evil light and you have a feeling that it
will burn you as soon as you look away.

The Watermelon Commander   28974
This is the leader of the fruit army. As you examine the melon
closely, you see that it's actually a female melon. In her arms she
holds the Banner of the Fruit, swaying it proudly to increase the
fruits' morale.

An onion zombie   28358
Terror spreads in your chest as you stare into the empty eyeholes of a
zombie of a dead onion. This is NOT what you had expected, and
probably not even the zombie itself did, actually.

General Pineapple    25172
A pineapple, wearing a uniform covered with different medallions. You
also see it wearing a lei, and you think that's pretty strange. But so
what, everything else in here is strange whatsoever.

The Head Cheese    25074
This is the head cheese of the refrigerator. It is almost unnaturally
yellow, and you sense the insanity from it immediately. It has a small
mouth on the top, which seems to be the only actual hole in it.


Items:
A large empty milkbottle
A large milkbottle that once used to contain some milk. Maybe it could
be worth something.

A rotten orange rind
A rind from an orange. It is about ten times larger than a rind from a
normal orange, and as you look at it you notice that it's rotten.

The Banner of the Fruit
This is the banner of the fruits, which belongs to the mighty
watermelon chieftain and her army. It is a cloth picture of a fruit
bowl on a shield, mainly in blue and red.

The Banner of the Onion
A large onion making people cry is what you see when you look at this
banner. It is a black banner with a yellow onion, and you think this
is the banner that keeps up the vegetables' morale in this war.

A plumeria lei
This is a home-made plumeria lei. You feel really proud of having one
for yourself.

An old fruit ball
An old ball of peach-coloured material. The sad remains of a
piece of fruit that fell prey to a melon-baller. It has dried
to the point of being rock-solid.


