chaos,3e,2s,2e,n,e,n


          4           all houses
         / \
        x   x         x-x
       /     \        | |
      3       5       x-E
     /         \
    x           6
   /             \
  2-x--x--1--x--x-7
          |
          x
          |
          E

1-7, houses

A Burly Guard    17485
It's your basic generic security guard:
Brain pan the size of a neanderthal, and a giant sloping forehead,
big enough to fill a small car all by himself.  He glares at you
menacingly, as if to dare you to interrupt his coffee break.

A Protesting Eskimo   9453
This eskimo looks pretty warm bundled up in all that fur.
You can't help but wonder if his butt is frozen as he
waddles about trying to protest his lack of an igloo.

Pepe Le Pew   20161
Yikes! A skunk! If you're male you're safe, If you're female, RUN! He looks
at you amorously in hopes that you're a female...

Tasmanian Devil   19463
Taz is a crazy devil from Tasmania. He whirls from place to place
with devastating speed blowing through everything in his path.

Yosemite Sam   19221
Sam is the mad Miner from the depths of the mountains.  He has red hair
and a silly accent characteristic of rednecks. He won't stop till he
finds that gold!

Elmer Fudd   20514
Elmer is a short, bald, hunter man who spends his time chasing after Bugs
Bunny.  He always seems like he almost catches that silly wabbit but he
never quite does.

Bugs Bunny   10723
Yes! This is Bugs Bunny! He is grey and white. His skinny belly is all
white. His long ears highlighted by pink fleshy spots hang over his small
white bushy tail. For a fifty year old, he's in pretty good shape!

Marvin the Martian   19630
Marvin the Martian is a silly green guy from Mars who came to our planet
in search of intelligent life, but all he found were some silly Toons.

Speedy Gonzalez   21992
A tiny little brown mouse with big ears and a big hat that runs around
very fast with a dust trail billowing out behind him because of his great
speed. This great hero of a mouse is revered among all mice.

Wile E. Coyote   21582
Wile E. Coyote is a desert rat who spends his time setting traps designed
by Acme<tm> to catch that darn Roadrunner.  The thought of cooking the
Roadrunner makes his mouth water and his tummy growl.

Roadrunner   14163
Here stands a crafty little roadrunner who seems immune to almost
every form of explosion or poison known to man, or at least ACME.
He seems to be the luckiest bird alive or perhaps he is battling
the unluckiest.  When will the luck run out...

Foghorn Leghorn   20090
Foghorn is the king of the yard.  He takes good care of all the hens,
protecting them from predators that might want to have them for dinner.
He is one hell of a rooster strutting around preening himself.

Daffy Duck   15453
Short dark and handsome, this debonair duck...
Daffy Duck, the most self-important 'Toon, stands
before you in his drab black feathers.

Tweety Pie   20894
Tweety is a small yellow canary bird who is the property of Granny.
She spends her time lounging in her cage, feeding on birdseed,
and keeping away from Sylvester.

Sylvester   21151
A lanky black cat that spends his time plotting against Tweety. He always
gets his butt whomped by his own stupid tricks but he keeps coming back
for more punishment.




A handful of loose snow
It's a loose pile of snow.  It's cold and can be pretty hard to hold on to.
There's not enough to make a snowball with.

A snowball
It's a snowball.  It's round and firmly packed.  It's really big!  You could
throw this at something or someone!  It might even do some damage to a monster
or a player killer at close range.

Yosemite Sam's Revolver
This gun is a classic, made in the late 1800s for cowboys, this six
shooter is the most deadly and accurate of weapons when in the right
hands.

Bugs Bunny's Carrot
This is one of Bugs Bunny's carrots. Mmmm.. Does it look good.

Elmer Fudd's Rifle
The thirty two caliber rifle is used primarily for hunting wabbits, and
it has the unusual quality of being able to bend many ways without losing
its ability to fire.

Particle Accelerator Pistol
This pistol is at the forefront of Martian technology, and although
you can't understand the physics behind it, there appears to be a
circular disc on the end closest to the trigger, presumably the
particle accelerator. The particles appear in the form of a lethal
disintegration green ray.

Acme Bird Seed
Bird seeds that the Road Runner would love! Is this stuff edible?

Acme Kill-O-Zap Ray Gun
A gleaming metallic lavender ray gun, angular and about eight inches
long. There is a dial on the side of the weapon, below the sights, and
on the opposite side of the assembly a label which reads Acme Kill-O-Zap
Ray Gun.


