science,u,4n,d,8n,5w,enter




         2-1
            \
    d-x      u-x-x
    |        | | |
    E        x-x-x

1: push button


A man sits in the corner, with a horrified look on his face   8051
With terror in his eyes, and panicked shakes rippling through his hands, the
poor man stares in horror.  Not at you, but at the doorway you came through.
He seems to mumble something every few moments, if you stay a while you might
hear something useful.

Mad Security Drone   47774
This humongous and vicious looking security drone is roaming the area looking
for intruders to shoot.  It sports two machine guns on EACH arm, as well as
a large cannon mounted on one shoulder.  The drone seems to be malfunctioning
badly, as it is sputtering nonsense at superfast speeds, and locking target
onto just about anything that moves!

Malfunctioning Defense Drone    13173
Large and bulky, this robot looks rather menacing.  You can see a very large
scorch mark on the side of its head.  The effects of the damage are very
apparent, the drone is attacking everything in sight!  The only weapon the
drone seems to have is a single, wicked looking laser cannon, which it seems
to be firing very fast...




Security Drone Plating {Gloves}
These small segmented sections of armor used to provide protection to
the back of the "hands" of something fairly large. They bear a strong
resemblance to gloves, and are made of a sturdy gray material that you
can't easily identify.

Security Drone Plating {Boots}
This pair of scorched cylinders appears to be made of some lightweight
material with which you are unfamiliar. The lettering stenciled onto
their dull gray surface reads "AR-SDR-BAL(L)". You think you might be
able to fit them over your calves and feet like boots.

Security Drone Plating {Cloak}
The dozen or so  meter-and-a-half long strips of reinforced flexiplast
are joined to a heavy ring of metal that might fit around your neck
and hang down your back as a cloak. The ring has lettering on it
reading "AR-SDR-JA(A-L-El-U)".

Security Drone Plating {Helmet}
This domed piece of armor plating is lightweight and solid-looking.
The letters "AR-SDR-P(H)" appear at one edge in small stenciled
letters. You think that it could be worn easily as a helmet.

Security Drone Plating {Body}
This lightweight, but sturdy, jointed armor plating has some minor
defectswhere it has clearly been forcibly removed from something.
Centered on the front of theplating is emblazoned the device of a pair
of scales balancing a lightning bolt and athundercloud. To the right
is an engraved label reading 'SDR-1200(HE)'.You believe that this

Security Drone Plating {Shield}
This large square section of cool gray armour plating is quite
lightweight for its size. A logo depicting a lightning bolt and a
thundercloud resting on a scientific balance covers one surface of the
plate, and you think you could wield it as a shield.


.