science,enter,u,3e,d,e,path,14e,13n,3e
punch steps or need flight to 'climb tank'

turn wheel
hatch
  |
commander's deck - read screen (page-up/down)
  |
 lower deck - remove bolts (need wrench) - get plating
  |   |   |
  |   |    - right - gunners chair - turn handle - enter code (from paper)
  |   - rear - open panel - search tools - get wrench
  - left - drivers seat - push start- search seat - get handle




Captain Wm. Sutherton
What was once a proud member of the military is now just a shell of a man.
Time has not been kind to Captain Sutherton. His scraggly bearded face is
wrinkled and rough. His deep green eyes seem to be lost in another world.
His uniform is quite a mess and reeks of a person who has been out in the
heat for far too long. He mutters incoherently to himself and eyes you
suspiciously.



A Magneto Pistol
This odd looking gun has a flat barrel and vibrates when you hold it. It
feels light in your hands and the grips seems to form on your fingers.

A magneto pistol clip
This is a clip of magneto gun bullets. They are an odd rectangle shaped
bullet. The casing is grooved and notched so that it can only be placed in
the magneto pistol.

A piece of paper
A torn piece of paper with 'A B F 1 5 T X' written on it.

A wrench
This is an adjustable wrench that is good for removing bolts. It has a long
red handle and is pretty heavy for its size. Wrenches like this were
created for general use when storage space is limited.

Deck plating
This is a large piece of deck plating. It is very thick and probably could
withstand quite a beating. It is made of some type of metal alloy, but you
aren't sure what kind. Too bad it's hard to hold onto, it could be a good
shield.

a steel handle
This is a large steel handle of some sort. It has two flat bases so it can
be attached to a flat surface. It's quite heavy and if attached correctly,
could hold a lot of weight.



commander's deck screen


Captain's Log - Date: *Classified*

We completed the test run of the X1S17 Stealth Tank with a good measure
of success. 'Bobo' was able to take the tank up to 115 MPH in open
desert. The terrapin racing tracks with lift boosters worked great.

Lt. Grey was able to acquire and take out our primary and secondary
objectives with great ease. The aerodynamics of the gun turret
prevented any loss of speed and the sonic shells were extremely
accurate to the point we could fire and forget.

'Bobo' is going to do some adjusting to the tank's main power systems
before tomorrow's presentation to the DoD. The stealth shielding is
going to give us a superior advantage over any enemy that we
encounter.


Captain's Log - Date: *Classified*

I don't know what 'Bobo' did to the power systems, but the tank
appears to be runnning faster than normal. We have a small problem
with the cyto-optics (which allows us to see through the stealth
shielding). They seem to be blurring when 'Bobo' accelerates, I'm
sure it's just an adjustment, or maybe a human error.

Captain's Log - Date: *Classified*

We started our performance run as normal, but then something went
horribly wrong. The plasma control valve seems to be stuck in the
full open position. 'Bobo' is working on the problem, however, that
seems to be the least of our fears. The control valve stuck after we
engaged the stealth shielding. My instruments went off the scale. The
cyto-optics are completely black. The shielding is still up, and for
that reason, we can't open the hatch. A strange feeling has penetrated
all of us. Not the feeling of danger, fear or urgency, we know those
too well, but one I cannot describe. Our radiation badges are still
green but who kn.....crap what was that?

Captain's Log - Date: *Classified*

The tank's clocks say it's been 4 days. I don't know if that is right
or not. It doesn't seem that long. 'Bobo' says he can't get to the
valve because the radiation is too intense. Our badges still are green
but are starting to fade. I don't know how much longer we can hold
out. We tried to contact the base, but all we get is static. We turned
off the propulsion system and distributed the power to the shield. We
think we stopped moving, but we are not sure. If we can't shutdown
soon, I'm going to have to risk opening the hatch. 'Bobo' says he can
possibly use some of the tanks internal plating as a shield, just in
case. I don't think it will help much though.

Captain's Log - Date: *Classified*

Now, I know the clock is wrong, it's up to 3 years now. Just in case,
I made sure the crew had something to eat and drink. Lt. Grey seems
to be preoccupied with drawing on the tank walls. I tried to talk to
him, but when I looked into his eyes, he seems not there, distant. I'm
a little worried. 'Bobo' keeps looking for a left handed monkey wrench,
I know he knows that it's just a red herring. I think they are plotting
something, trying to make me think that they are insane. Good thing I
have the only side arm in the group. I didn't want to risk them doing
something without my knowledge, so I tore out the tactical activation
code from the manual. I'm going to open the hatch and have a peek, so
if there are no more logs, you'll know what happened.


Captain's Log - Date: *Classified*

Communists!! Who could believe my crew are a bunch of commies trying
to steal the plans for this tank.... I showed them, I put a couple of
bullets into their puny skulls with my magneto pistol. Yeah, you
commies won't be reporting back to your comrades now. They thought they
could outsmart me.....I showed them, muah....the lights are my friends.

Captain's Log - Date: *Classified*

The quiock brown foz jumpes over the whort lazy dog. Ican type really
keepbyoard,.. tacos... I want some tackos, tacos with cheese, yes, hj
Daisy, daise look at the perrty daysie. Look a happey fac -

           ooo   ooo
           ooo   ooo
      oo               oo
       oo      O      oo
        oo           oo
         oooooooooooo


My freinds, they are mucsh, my firends, the smeeeeellly. wwpee, woood.
Hey, sparkle thingys. womp wimp,. I can type, yea, keyboard, bunkmode.
sparkly splekey, mooki.

-EndLog-

X1S17 Gunner's Manual
This is a 3-ringed military manual. Across the front is stamped in bright
red letters : TOP SECRET LEVEL 25 Access Only. Nothing else but the title
'X1S17 Gunner's Manual' is on the cover.

The manual has 7 page(s) (1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7). 
The current page is 7.
Use "help manual" to see usage. 
It looks light.


                        Automated Firing Procedures

The X1S17 fire control system has been designed for quick and fast target
acquisition and firing. Its fire control system is a simple 'locate'
target, 'lock' target and 'fire' on target system.


So all you need to remember is locate, lock, fire.

                        Manual Firing Procedures

In the unlikely situation where the TA-47X Auto-Sequencing computer becomes
INOP, you will have to use the following procedures in order to fire the
tank's main gun. From this list you can see how much the TA-47X saves time
between firing. You must follow this list exactly, otherwise you could
further damage the X1S17, even destroy it.

1)  Engage the backup sequencer.
2)  Enter the Manual Fire Sequencing code (see page 7).
3)  Flip Prechamber Switches 1,2 and 3 to the on position, in order.
4)  Clear the chamber by opening the unload door and removing any
    spent shell casing.
5)  Press the 'Clear Chamber' button on the console.
6)  Load shell into chamber.
7)  Close the load chamber.
8)  Press the 'Chamber Lock' button
9)  Press the LLT <target> button to Locate and Lock on target. If
    you can't obtain a lock, you will have to select another target.
10) Flip the 'Open Muzzle' switch.
11) Fire.


To repeat the firing procedure, follow steps 4 - 11.

                        Fire Control Code

The following is your fire control code for this exercise. The gun will not
fire manually without this code.//////\\\//////////////////\ [It seems that
someone has ripped the page in half and has pulled the paper out of the
protective part of lower half. Looks like you'll have to look for that
piece of paper.

.