desert portal,4w,2n,rent carpet

City:                            Tower
                                  first floor      third floor
     x-x-x-x-x-S-x-x-x-x-x           E                  u
       |    \     /    |            / \                / \
       x     x   x     x           x---u              d---x
       |      \ /      |
       x-x-5   1   4-x-x          second floor     fourth floor
       |               |             x                  8
       x     x-x-x     x            / \
       |       |       |           u---7
     x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-6-x
         |           |
         2           3

1: The Auruetian Tower
2: Worm's Talon Airship [Darrkin]
3: A hovering airship - Isle of Equinity [Rumor]
4: Everything Under the Sun - Shop
5: The Flying Oasis - Pub
6: With Magic Shovel from Tookwich
   dig up soil - A thick iron key (Crystals of Ao quest)
S: landing room - hop carpet - exit back to desert
7: down, search drawers - A tiny vial of red powder (Crystals of Ao quest)
8: Tristar Auruetian, Supreme Archmage of the Golden Tower
   say secret - offer heart (Crystals of Ao quest)

Citizen of Xaxis    16120
This rather non-descript young man appears to be a common citizen of
Xaxis. His skin is darkly tanned, his hair thin but well groomed. He
wears a loose white shirt and baggy lightweight pants. Sandals cover
his calloused feet. He looks friendly enough, but too busy to pay you
much attention.

Citizen of Xaxis     9484
This small, plain-faced woman appears to be a common citizen of Xaxis.
Her skin is lightly tanned, her hair pulled back with a wooden
barrette. She wears a short lightweight dress which shows off her
well-muscled legs. Leather sandals cover her rather dainty feet. She
looks like she's busy, but still offers a brief smile when you glance
in her direction.

A Silk Merchant   18975
This portly man sells a variety of silk scarves to visitors of the
great floating city of Xaxis. The silks offer only minimal protection
from the harsh light of the desert sun, but they're all quite
beautiful and exotic. The merchant is clean-shaven with golden brown
skin and he wears an open-necked white shirt tucked neatly into his
green trousers. His charming brown eyes regard you with a warm but
appraising look.

A White Robed Cleric    16424
This holy man has dedicated his life to Helvareq, God of the Sun. His
hazel eyes shine brightly beneath the hood of his robe as he gazes
upon you serenely. While not a follower of the type of magic so often
practiced in the city of Xaxis, he seems to find Xaxis's closeness to
the desert sun comforting, a mecca to the symbol of his God. His skin
is darkly tanned and he wears a golden amulet about his neck that
glitters in the sunlight.

Xill Warrior    46819
Tasked with guarding the city of Xaxis, this fearsome creature stands
on two powerfully built legs and has four muscular arms to attack
with. Reptilian in appearance, the Xill's hide is made of bright red
scales with spikes extending from his elbows, knees, hands, and feet.
Long tusk-like teeth extend from his protruding jaws and his
multifaceted green eyes gaze upon the world with cold malice. He
wields a long dagger in one hand and wears a strange looking codpiece
for protection.

A Snake Charmer    20129
This dark-skinned man has eyes as black as coal and seems transfixed
on the snake he's currently charming out of the basket at his feet. He
wears nothing but a loose white tunic that hangs just below his thighs
and a pair of leather sandals. His black hair is long and unkempt and
he smells like he hasn't had a bath in quite some time.

A Fruit Merchant    19511
This attractive young woman sells a variety of fresh fruits to
visitors and residents of Xaxis. Her long ash-blonde hair flows below
the shoulders of her loose white dress and the golden skin of her bare
arms, legs, and sandaled feet shines with perspiration from the
desert's heat. Her light blue eyes look upon you with eager
anticipation, hoping you'll purchase some of her fruits.

An Apprentice Mage    31549
This man is slight of frame and cloaked in a hooded robe of golden
silk. His deep-set eyes almost glow from the shadow the hood has made
of his face. Strange symbols are stitched along his robe in threads of
blue and red. Only his hands are plainly visible from the folds of the
silk. They look old and pale, the skin stretched taut over the bones
and the yellowed fingernails in sore need of clipping. He carries his
spell book in one hand and a wand in the other.

A Learned Sorceress    40846
This cloaked figure is powerful indeed. A student of dark magic, she
radiates an energy that is almost palpable. Although her face is
shadowed by the hood of her black cloak, a vision of a beautiful
raven-haired woman with violet eyes, sharp cheekbones, pale skin, and
dark red lips comes to your mind, perhaps placed there by the
sorceress herself by some unknown spell. The vision is so captivating
it almost hurts to look away from her.

Street Urchin    7906
This dirty little boy is wearing a dusty leather jerkin and faded
breeches over his filthy body. His blond hair is matted down from
sweat and grime and his blue eyes seem to beseech you for any spare
coins you might have. His bare arms and feet show purplish bruises as
if he's recently been beaten by one of the local guards or merchants.
He couldn't be more than twelve years old, but this poor boy already
looks like he's lived a very hard life. Maybe you could help him. Then
again, maybe you should just put him out of his misery.

A Knight Errant   44998
This young knight seems bound for glory and adventure. His steely gray
eyes squint in the bright sunlight beneath his dented helm and his
armour is scarred from frequent battle. His long brown hair is tied
into a ponytail and his bare arms are suntanned and strong, the
muscles lean and powerful from regular exercise. His bearded jaw is
set in determination, as if he has a lot on his mind. Perhaps you'd be
wise to give him a wide berth.

Sand Golem    108708
Constructed of desert sand and powerful magic, this strange creature
stands over eight feet tall and weighs over 2000 pounds. With its body
being made of sand that's been magically bound into the form standing
before you, most damage is ineffective against it. It resembles a
large sand dune with massive fists and dead black eyes. It wields no
weapons, but its fists look very dangerous and it appears to have no
purpose or thought other than to destroy anything that crosses its
path.

Stone Golem    127671
Constructed of hard stone and powerful magic, this massive creature
stands over nine feet tall and weighs over 3000 pounds. Impervious to
most damage, it takes a mighty warrior to lay low such a giant. Its
shoulders look like mountains and its fists are larger than your
skull. It wields no weapons, but it looks easily capable of crushing
all but the strongest of opponents. This monster is magically bound to
its creator and will not let you pass as long as it remains whole.

Steel Golem       186071
Standing ten feet tall and made of shining steel, this monster looks
like it could crush you with a single blow. Virtually indestructible,
this creation of dark magic is the perfect guardian for the tower's
master, Tristar Auruetian. Its helmet-like face looks down upon you
with cold malice, its arms and legs as thick as your torso and covered
in plates of steel so strong that blades are useless against them. In
one massive fist it wields a blade that measures over four feet in
length and looks heavy enough to split you in two.

Tristar Auruetian, Supreme Archmage of the Golden Tower     209053
This imposing figure is none other than the master of this tower, the
Supreme Archmage, Tristar Auruetian. Standing well over six feet tall,
wearing robes of black, this is no one to trifle with. His robe's
golden hood is thrown back to reveal his gaunt face, with its high
cheekbones, thin lips, and deep-set blue eyes. His hair is cut short
and is jet black, as dark as a starless night. His chin is sharp, his
nose pinched, giving his face a hawklike look. In one hand he holds a
large black staff, and on the other he wears a matching ring. He looks
unsurprised by your presence, likely being aware of it since the
moment you set foot inside the tower's ground floor entrance. He seems
to be waiting for you to either flee, speak, or attack. Only the first
option seems to be without great peril.




Amulet of Helvareq
This holy amulet is a symbol of faith and worship
to the Sun God, Helvareq. Made of purple strands of
silk and a sparkling yellow gem in the center, it
pays homage to the power of the sun.

cleric robe
This simple white robe is typically worn by the cleric
followers of the Sun God, Helvareq. Hooded and lightweight,
it doesn't offer much protection, but it designates its
wearer as a person of peace and enlightenment.

Spiderskin Codpiece
This bizarre garment wraps around the waist and between the legs,
coming together just below the abdomen in a bone clasp. Milky
white in color, it is made from the cured hide of a moon spider.
Knowing the ferocity of these creatures, whoever procured the
hide for this armour must have been quite a warrior. The clasp at
the front of the piece is carved from the skull of the same spider
and adds a macabre twist to the already strange piece of equipment.

Xill Dagger
This 14 inch dagger with its knobby blade and razor-sharp point
was carved from the spine of a moon spider. Vicious creatures
found in the western mountains of Fantasy, their hides and
skeletons are prized by those capable of hunting them due to
their strength and durability. The blade is milky white in color
with a handle above the blade made from the spider's actual
vertebrae.

a large wicker basket
This basket is about three feet high with a diameter
of eighteen inches. It is made of tightly woven yellow
reeds and looks like it would hold a fair amount of stuff.

random wand

a shining silver bracelet
This finely crafted bracelet is truly lovely to behold.
Shining brightly and obviously recently polished, the
inch wide silver is etched in mysterious runes. The
script of the runes looks to be elven in nature, but
the meaning of the runes is beyond your comprehension.
Whatever the meaning, this is certainly a treasure that
would fetch a fair price and likely holds some magical
protection.

dusty leather jerkin
This leather jerkin is covered in dust, its original color long
lost to the coating of desert grime that leaves it a dull brown.
Sleeveless and thin, it probably doesn't offer a great deal of
protection from anything but sunburn.

dented helm
This metal helm is dented and scratched from frequent
battle, but it still looks like good protection. It
covers the top of its wearer's head and has a visor in
the front that helps shield the eyes both from weapons
and from the sun.

battle-scarred platemail
This platemail is scarred deeply from battle, the
scratches and dents readily apparent to even the
most casual of observers. It covers the chest and
stomach, leaving the arms bare for easier flexibility.
Made of thick metal and lined in soft leather, it is
strong enough to protect against quite a bit of damage,
but comfortable enough to wear in even the harshest of
conditions.

A boulder
This large chunk of stone appears to be broken off some larger
construct of the same material. It is heavy, solid black in
color, and doesn't look like it'd serve much purpose other
than something to throw at an enemy.

Golem Shortsword
This thick blade of curved steel measures over four feet in
length and looks incredibly heavy. Fashioned for the use of
a steel golem, it is meant to do maximum damage due to its
weight and sharpness, but would be too awkward to use by any
but the strongest of warriors.

Staff of the Sun and Moon (enchanted)
This thick staff of ebony was once wielded by a powerful mage.
Etched into the wood are golden symbols and script that you
can't understand. Embedded into the top of the staff is a
large white gem that shines brightly, humming with energy.
Only the wisest and most powerful of magicians owns such
a staff, or is able to wield one.

Moonstone Ring of Eclipse
This ring of black seems to hum with magical power. Etched
along the outside of the ring are a series of golden symbols.
On the inside of the ring is a single phrase.

- Utter the ancient tongue, unlock the ancient secrets -

